TICKER: TPG
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chains to meet changing customer expectations. Not addressing these changed expectations could create business model disruptions and other risks for portfolio companies, which could negatively impact the returns in our funds. Furthermore, certain fund investors consider sustainability factors, including climate risks, in determining whether to invest in our funds. Further, significant physical effects of climate change, including extreme weather events such as fires, hurricanes or floods, can cause considerable damage to portfolio companies and investments and negatively impact returns, especially our real asset investments and portfolio companies that rely on physical factories, plants or stores located in the affected areas. Increases in the effects of climate change are expected to exacerbate the frequency and impact of weather and climate related events and conditions. While we believe the geographic distribution of our portfolio diversifies TPG’s physical climate risk, some physical risk is inherent in the companies in our portfolio, particularly in some real estate holdings and Asia- and Africa-based investments and in the unknown potential for extreme weather that could occur related to climate change. 75 Table of Contents We expect some funds to face additional climate-related risks of a different nature. For example, deregulation or non-implementation of additional regulation, particularly in the United States, U.K. and EU, around climate change and carbon output control could lead to diminished market demand in various investment sectors. Additionally, implementation of the Paris Agreement and other climate-related initiatives and the pace of private actors seeking to reduce greenhouse gas emissions are uncertain. Uneven or slow implementation could negatively impact the speed of growth for the companies in certain funds. Further, non-implementation, or the rollback of energy subsidies designed to enable the energy transition, may negatively impact the financial performance of certain investments. In addition, jurisdictions could classify fund investments differently in terms of their contributions to climate change mitigation and/or the energy transition, which could open some assets to transition risks. Difficult economic and market conditions could negatively impact our businesses in many ways, including by reducing the value or hampering the performance of our funds’ investments or reducing our funds’ ability to raise or deploy capital, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. Our business is materially affected by conditions in the global financial markets and economic conditions or events throughout the world that are outside of our control, such as fluctuating interest rates, availability of credit, inflation rates, economic uncertainty, changes in laws (including laws relating to taxation and regulations on the financial industry), pandemics or other severe public health events, trade barriers, commodity prices, currency exchange rates and controls, national and international political circumstances (including government shutdowns, wars, threatened military conflicts, terrorist acts or security operations) and the effects of climate change. Recently, markets have been affected by U.S. interest rates, inflation, the imposition of trade barriers, ongoing trade negotiations with major U.S. trading partners, slower economic growth or recession, changes in U.S. tax regulations and geopolitical events such as the ongoing war in Ukraine and conflicts in the Middle East. These conditions, events and factors are outside our control and may affect the level and volatility of securities prices and the liquidity and the value of investments, and we may not be able to or may choose not to manage our exposure to them. Volatility in the global financial markets or a financial downturn could negatively impact our business in a number of ways. Volatility or unfavorable market and economic conditions could reduce opportunities for our funds to make, exit and realize value from, and expected returns on, their existing investments. When financing is not available or becomes too costly, it is difficult for potential buyers to raise sufficient capital to purchase our funds’ investments, and we may earn lower-than-expected returns on them, which could cause us to realize diminished or no performance allocations. If not otherwise offset, declines in the equity, debt and commodity markets would likely cause us to write down our funds’ investments. Further, difficult market conditions could cause a decrease in the frequency and size of fees generated from TPG Capital BD’s (or related entities’) capital markets activities. Our profitability may also be negatively impacted by our fixed costs and the possibility that we would be unable to scale back other costs within a time frame sufficient to match any decreases in revenue relating to a downturn in market and economic conditions. During periods of difficult market conditions or slowdowns, our funds’ portfolio companies or assets in which we have invested may experience adverse operating performance, decreased revenues, financial losses, credit rating downgrades, difficulty in obtaining access to financing and increased funding costs. These companies may also have difficulty expanding their businesses and operations, meeting their debt service obligations or paying other expenses as they become due, including amounts payable to us. Negative financial results in our funds’ portfolio companies could result in less appreciation across the portfolio and lower investment returns for our funds. Because our funds generally make a limited number of investments, negative financial results in a few of a fund’s portfolio companies could severely impact the fund’s total returns, which could negatively affect our ability to raise new funds, the performance allocations we receive and the value of our investments. Further, such negative market conditions could potentially result in a portfolio company entering bankruptcy proceedings, or in the case of certain real estate funds, the abandonment or foreclosure of investments, which could result in a complete loss of the fund’s investment in such portfolio company and negatively impact the fund’s performance and, consequently, the performance allocations we receive and the value of our investment, as well as our reputation. Receipt of lower investment returns from our funds during a period of difficult market conditions could cause our cash flow from operations to significantly decrease, which could negatively impact our liquidity position and the amount of cash we have on hand to conduct our operations and pay dividends to our stockholders. The generation of less performance allocations could also affect our leverage ratios, external credit ratings and compliance with our credit facility covenants as well as our ability to renew or refinance all or part of our credit facility and contractual obligations. Having less cash on hand could in turn require us to rely on other sources of cash, such as the capital markets, to conduct our operations. 76 Table of Contents In addition, volatility or unfavorable market and economic conditions could make it difficult for our funds to find suitable investments or secure financing for investments on attractive terms. Heightened equity and credit market volatility could negatively impact availability and cost of financing for significant acquisitions and dispositions. If credit markets weaken, our funds may be unable to consummate significant acquisitions and dispositions on acceptable terms or at all. A general slowdown in global merger and acquisition activity due to the lack of suitable financing or an increase in uncertainty could slow in our investment pace, which in turn could negatively impact our ability to generate future performance allocations and fully invest the available capital in our funds. A slowdown in the deployment of our available capital could impact the management fees we earn on funds that generate fees based on invested (and not committed) capital, including our ability to raise, and the timing of raising, successor funds. Market volatility could also negatively impact our fundraising efforts in several ways. We generally raise capital for a successor fund following the substantial and successful deployment of capital from the existing fund. Poor performance by existing funds as a result of market conditions could impair our ability to raise new funds as could any change in or rebalancing of fund investors’ asset allocation policies. Investors often allocate to alternative asset classes based on a target percentage of their overall portfolio. If the value of an investor’s portfolio decreases as a whole, the amount available to allocate to alternative assets could decline. Further, investors often take into account the amount of distributions they have received from existing funds when considering commitments to new funds. General market volatility or a reduction in distributions to investors could cause investors to delay making new commitments to funds or negotiate for lower fees, different fee sharing arrangements for transaction or other fees and other concessions. The outcome of such negotiations could result in our agreement to terms that are materially less favorable to us than for prior funds we have managed, and a decrease in the amount an investor commits to our funds could have an impact on the ultimate size of the fund and amount of management fees we generate. Extensive regulation of our businesses affects our activities and creates the potential for significant liabilities and penalties. Increased regulatory focus on the alternative asset industry or legislative or regulatory changes could result in additional burdens and expenses on our business. Our business is subject to extensive regulation, including periodic examinations, by governmental agencies and self-regulatory organizations in the jurisdictions in which we operate around the world. Many of these regulators, including U.S. and foreign government agencies and self-regulatory organizations, are empowered to conduct investigations and administrative proceedings that can result in fines, suspensions of personnel or other sanctions, including censure, the issuance of cease-and-desist orders or the suspension or expulsion of a broker-dealer or investment adviser from registration or memberships. If the SEC or any other governmental authority, regulatory agency or similar body takes issue with our past practices, including, for example, past investment and co-investment activities, internal operating policies and procedures or arrangements with our people, including our senior advisors, we will be at risk for regulatory sanction. Even if an investigation or proceeding does not result in a significant sanction, the costs incurred in responding to such matters could be material. Further, the adverse publicity relating to the investigation, proceeding or imposition of these sanctions could harm our reputation and cause us to lose existing investors or clients or fail to attract new investors or clients, as well as discourage others from doing business with us. Some of our funds invest in businesses that operate in highly regulated industries. The regulatory regimes to which such businesses are subject may, among other things, condition our funds’ ability to invest in those businesses upon the satisfaction of applicable ownership restrictions or qualification requirements for receipt of regulatory approval. Obtaining regulatory approval is often a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome. Portfolio companies may be unable to obtain necessary regulatory approvals on a timely basis, if at all, and the failure to obtain such approvals may prevent our funds from consummating the applicable investments, which could materially and adversely affect their performance. Our failure to obtain or maintain any regulatory approvals necessary for our funds to invest in such industries may disqualify our funds from participating in certain investments or require our funds to divest certain assets. In recent years, the SEC and its staff have focused on issues relevant to global investment firms and have formed specialized units devoted to examining such firms and, in certain cases, bringing enforcement actions against the firms, their principals and their employees. Such actions and settlements involving U.S.-based private fund advisers generally have involved a number of issues, including the undisclosed allocation of the fees, costs and expenses related to unconsummated co-investment transactions (i.e., the allocation of broken-deal expenses), undisclosed legal fee arrangements affording the adviser greater discounts than those afforded to funds advised by such adviser, the undisclosed acceleration of certain special fees and the handling of material non-public information. We have in the past and may in the future be subject to SEC enforcement actions and settlements. Recent SEC focus areas have also included the use and compensation of, and disclosure regarding, operating partners or consultants, outside business activities of firm principals and employees, group purchasing arrangements, compliance with the SEC’s custody rule, compliance with the SEC’s 77 Table of Contents marketing rule, management fee calculations, use of affiliated service providers, general conflicts of interest disclosures and cybersecurity. We generally expect the SEC’s oversight of global investment firms to continue to focus on concerns related to transparency, investor disclosure practices, handling of material non-public information, fees and expenses, valuation, compliance policies and procedures and conflicts of interest, which could impact us in various ways. Although we have a robust compliance program in place, it is possible this enforcement activity will target practices that we believe are compliant and that were either previously examined without sanction or not targeted before. We regularly are subject to requests for information and informal or formal investigations by the SEC and other regulatory authorities, with which we routinely cooperate. For example, in October 2022, the Company received a document request from the SEC focusing on the use and retention of business-related electronic communications, which, as has been publicly reported, is part of an industry-wide review. The Company cooperated with the SEC’s investigation and reached a settlement, which was announced in January 2025. See Note 16, “Commitments and Contingencies—Legal Actions and Other Proceedings.” Various new regulations have been proposed and/or adopted over the past few years applicable to private fund advisers. These initiatives include: • Amendments to Regulation S-P adopted in May 2024 apply privacy safeguarding requirements directly to investment advisers that manage private funds. See “—Failure to maintain the security of our information and technology networks or data security breaches could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow.” • In February 2022, the SEC proposed rules that would have required investment advisers to adopt cybersecurity policies and procedures reasonably designed to address cybersecurity risks, implement monitoring and protections and disclose certain information about cybersecurity risks and incidents; however, that proposal was subsequently withdrawn and not adopted. Notwithstanding the withdrawal, the SEC continues to bring enforcement actions under existing authorities where registrants fail to develop and implement cybersecurity protections that it deems appropriate and adequate to protect against cybersecurity incidents. • The SEC adopted an expansion of the reporting obligations under Form PF and changes to the beneficial ownership reporting regime applicable to positions in public companies, which are expected to increase investment advisers’ data-gathering and disclosure obligations. These newly adopted or proposed rules are expected to increase compliance burdens and associated regulatory costs and complexity and impose limitations on our investing activities. In addition, even if not adopted, evaluating and responding to proposed rules could result in increased costs and require significant attention from management, and the new or proposed rules enhance the risk of regulatory action, which could adversely impact our reputation and our fundraising efforts, including as a result of public regulatory sanctions. We regularly rely on exemptions from various requirements of the Securities Act, Exchange Act, the Investment Company Act, the Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended, and the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, or “ERISA,” in conducting our asset management activities in the United States. If these exemptions were to become unavailable to us, we could become subject to regulatory action or third-party claims, and our business could be negatively impacted. Similarly, in conducting our asset management activities outside the United States, we generally rely on exemptions from the regulatory regimes of various foreign jurisdictions. Exemptions from U.S. and foreign regulations are often highly complex and may, in certain circumstances, depend on compliance by third parties we do not control. If these exemptions were to become unavailable to us, our business could be negatively impacted, as these regulations often serve to limit our activities and impose burdensome compliance requirements. See “Item 1. Business—Regulation and Compliance.” Moreover, the requirements imposed by our regulators are designed primarily to ensure the integrity of the financial markets and to protect our fund investors and not our stockholders. Changes in the U.S. political environment and financial regulatory changes in the United States could negatively impact our business. The current U.S. political environment and the resulting uncertainties regarding actual and potential shifts in U.S. foreign investment, trade, taxation, tariff, economic, environmental and other policies under the Trump administration could lead to disruption, instability and volatility in the global markets. The consequences of previously enacted legislation 78 Table of Contents could also impact our business operations in the future. For example, bipartisan legislation enacted in August 2018 has increased and may continue to significantly increase the number of transactions that are subject to the jurisdiction of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (“CFIUS”), which has the authority to review and potentially block or impose conditions on certain foreign investments in U.S. companies or real estate. CFIUS’ expanded jurisdiction may reduce the number of potential buyers of certain of our funds’ portfolio companies and thus limit the ability of our funds to exit from certain investments, as well as limit our flexibility in structuring or financing certain transactions. On August 16, 2022, the U.S. government enacted the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 which, among other things, includes changes to the U.S. corporate income tax system, including a 15% minimum tax based on “adjusted financial statement income” for certain large corporations and a 1% excise tax on share repurchases. Such changes could materially increase the taxes imposed on us or our funds’ portfolio companies. On July 4, 2025, the bill referred to as the “One Big Beautiful Bill Act” (the “OBBBA”) was enacted into law. The OBBBA resulted in significant changes to the Code, including changes to the taxation of international businesses, more favorable interest deductibility and accelerated asset depreciation. Certain aspects of the OBBBA are unclear and require substantial future guidance from the U.S. Department of the Treasury and other governmental agencies. See “—Risks Related to Taxation—Changes in relevant tax laws, regulations or treaties or an adverse interpretation of these items by tax authorities could negatively impact our effective tax rate and tax liability.” Further, negative public sentiment could lead to heightened scrutiny and criticisms of our business model generally, or our business and investments in particular. The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the “Dodd-Frank Act”), enacted in 2010, has imposed significant changes on almost every aspect of the U.S. financial services industry, including aspects of our business. On May 24, 2018, the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act (the “Reform Act”) was signed into law. The Reform Act amends various sections of the Dodd-Frank Act. The Reform Act and various other proposals focused on deregulation of the U.S. financial services industry could have the effect of increasing competition or otherwise reducing investment opportunities, which could negatively impact our business. For example, the U.S. Financial Stability Oversight Council (“FSOC”), created by the Dodd-Frank Act, has the authority to designate an asset management firm as a “systemically important financial institution” (“SIFI”). If we are designated as a SIFI, we would become subject to a variety of regulations, including capital requirements and limitations on leverage, which could adversely affect our ability to implement our investment strategies. Under applicable SEC rules, investment advisers are required to implement compliance policies designed, among other matters, to track campaign contributions by certain of the adviser’s employees and engagements of third parties that solicit government entities and to keep certain records to enable the SEC to determine compliance with the rule. In addition, there have been similar rules on a state level regarding “pay to play” practices by investment advisers. FINRA adopted its own set of “pay to play” regulations, which went into effect on August 20, 2017, that are similar to the SEC’s regulations. In addition, many pay to play regimes (including the SEC pay to play rule for investment advisers) impute the personal political activities of certain executives and employees, and in some instances their spouses and family members, to the manager for purposes of potential pay to play liability. The Dodd-Frank Act also imposes a regulatory structure on the “swaps” market, including requirements for clearing, exchange trading, capital, margin, reporting and recordkeeping. The SEC, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the “CFTC”) and other financial regulators have finalized many rules applicable to swap market participants, including business conduct standards for swap dealers, reporting and recordkeeping, mandatory clearing for certain swaps, exchange trading rules applicable to swaps, initial and variation margin requirements for uncleared swap transactions and regulatory requirements for cross-border swap activities. These requirements could reduce market liquidity and negatively impact our business, including by reducing our ability to enter swaps and other types of derivatives. The Dodd-Frank Act authorizes federal regulatory agencies to review and, in certain cases, prohibit compensation arrangements at financial institutions that give employees incentives to engage in conduct deemed to encourage inappropriate risk taking by covered financial institutions. In May 2016 and, more recently, in May 2024, the SEC and other federal regulatory agencies proposed a rule that would apply requirements on incentive-based compensation arrangements of “covered financial institutions,” including certain registered investment advisers and broker-dealers above a specific asset threshold. This, if adopted, could limit our ability to recruit and retain investment professionals and senior management executives. However, the proposed rule remains pending and may be subject to significant modifications. Furthermore, negative public sentiment could lead to heightened scrutiny and criticisms of our business model generally, or our business and investments in particular. For example, in June 2019, certain members of the U.S. Congress introduced the Stop Wall Street Looting Act of 2019, a comprehensive bill intended to fundamentally reform the private 79 Table of Contents equity industry. In August 2021, legislation was introduced in the Senate proposing to change the definition of carried interest. The “Ending the Carried Interest Loophole Act” proposed to close the tax rate differential between carried interests and ordinary income and accelerate the recognition and payment of tax on the receipt of carried interest and would have material impact on our business if enacted. Other potential changes in legislation or regulation may include higher corporate tax rate, greater scrutiny on the private equity industry or elimination of carried interest or limitations of the capital gains tax. If the proposed bills or parts thereof, or other similar legislation, were to become law, it could negatively impact us, our funds’ portfolio companies and our investors. Future legislation, regulation or guidance could negatively impact the fund industry generally and/or us specifically. Financial services and private funds may in the future be subject to further governmental scrutiny, an increase in regulatory investigations and/or enhanced regulation, including as a result of changes in the presidency or congressional leadership. Any changes in the regulatory framework applicable to our business, including the changes described above, may impose additional compliance and other costs on us, require the attention of our senior management or result in limitations on the manner in which we conduct our business, all of which could negatively impact our profitability. Changing regulations regarding derivatives, including commodity interest transactions, could negatively impact our business. The regulation of derivatives, including commodity interest transactions, in the United States and other jurisdictions, is an evolving area of law and is subject to ongoing modification by governmental, self-regulatory organization and judicial action. We and our affiliates enter into derivatives transactions for various purposes, including to manage the financial risks related to our business. Accordingly, the impact of this evolving regulatory regime on our business is difficult to predict, but it could be substantial and adverse. Managers of certain pooled investment vehicles with exposure to certain types of derivatives may be required to register with the CFTC as commodity pool operators and/or commodity trading advisors and become members of the National Futures Association (the “NFA”). As such, certain of our or our affiliates’ risk management or other commodity interest-related activities may be subject to CFTC oversight. To date, we have concluded that the covered activities in which our affiliates engage do not rise to the level of requiring the affiliates to register with the CFTC or become members of the NFA, and instead, these affiliates rely on exemptions from CFTC registration requirements. As part of ensuring the affiliates continue to be exempt from registration, we have instituted procedures to, as applicable, monitor our affiliates’ compliance with the requirements of exemptions on which they rely and comply with exemption renewal requirements. In the event that our affiliates no longer qualify for an exemption from registration, such affiliates could become subject to a wide range of other regulatory requirements, such as reporting, recordkeeping and operational requirements as well as periodic examinations. Newly instituted and amended regulations could significantly increase the cost of entering into derivative contracts (including through requirements to post collateral, which could negatively impact our available liquidity), materially alter the terms of derivative contracts, reduce the availability of derivatives to protect against risks that we encounter, reduce our ability to restructure our existing derivative contracts and increase our exposure to less creditworthy counterparties. If we reduce our use of derivatives as a result of such regulations (and any new regulations), our results of operations may become more volatile and our cash flows may be less predictable. Federal, state and foreign financial crime, trade and foreign investment laws applicable to us, our funds and our funds’ portfolio companies create the potential for significant liabilities and penalties, the inability to complete transactions and reputational harm. We are subject to a number of laws and regulations governing payments, offers and contributions to or for the benefit of public officials or other parties, including restrictions imposed by the FCPA. The FCPA prohibits bribery of foreign public officials, government employees and political party officials and requires public companies in the United States to keep books and records that accurately and fairly reflect their transactions. In addition, the U.S. Department of Commerce and the U.S. Department of State administer and enforce certain export control laws and regulations, and OFAC and the U.S. Department of State administer and enforce economic sanctions based on U.S. foreign policy and national security goals against targeted countries, jurisdictions, territories, regimes, entities, organizations and individuals. These laws and regulations relate to a number of aspects of our businesses, including servicing existing fund investors, finding new fund investors and sourcing new investments, as well as the activities of our funds’ portfolio companies. U.S. government regulators, including the U.S. Department of Justice, the SEC and OFAC, have devoted significant resources to enforcement of these laws. The U.S. government has also recently used sanctions and export controls to address broader 80 Table of Contents foreign and international economic policy goals, including with respect to certain industries and technologies. Moreover, the U.S. Department of Justice has also recently adopted updated guidance with respect to the FCPA, prioritizing national security links, including cartels and transnational criminal organizations. In September 2024, FinCEN published a rule requiring registered investment advisers and exempt reporting advisers to, among other measures, adopt an anti-money laundering program and file certain reports with FinCEN. The rule also delegates authority to the SEC to monitor compliance with these requirements. Although FinCEN has since delayed implementation of this rule, we expect our investment advisory business to be subject to additional anti-money laundering obligations in due course. Certain investments or divestments by our funds that involve a national security nexus may be subject to review and approval by CFIUS. The Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act (“FIRRMA”) and related regulations significantly expanded the types of transactions that are subject to the jurisdiction of CFIUS. Under FIRRMA, CFIUS has the authority to review and potentially block or impose conditions on certain foreign investments in U.S. companies or real estate. Such limitations and restrictions may prevent our funds from pursuing certain investments, cause delays with respect to consummating investments, require our funds to consummate an investment on terms that are less advantageous than would be the case absent such restrictions, reduce the number of potential buyers and/or limit the ability of our funds to exit from certain investments. Congress has also enacted the Protecting Americans’ Data from Foreign Adversaries Act of 2024, which establishes new restrictions on transfers of certain personally identifiable sensitive data to foreign adversary countries and entities controlled by a foreign adversary. Similarly, U.S. Department of Justice “Data Security Program” regulations issued pursuant to Executive Order 14117, “Preventing Access to Americans’ Bulk Sensitive Personal Data and United States Government-Related Data by Countries of Concern,” restrict, and in some cases prohibit, data transfers involving countries of concern or covered persons, including the People’s Republic of China (including Hong Kong and Macau), Russia, Iran, North Korea, Cuba and Venezuela, which involve certain U.S. government-related data and bulk human ‘omic, geolocation, biometric, health, financial and other sensitive personal data. The Data Security Program applies even to data that have been de-identified, anonymized or encrypted. Entities organized under laws of the United States as well as U.S. persons are restricted in their ability to provide access to such data to such countries as well as “covered persons” that have certain nexuses to such countries, and they are also required to prohibit foreign parties from making an “onward transfer” of such data to countries of concern and covered persons. These restrictions may inhibit or preclude our ability to fully realize the value of such data, to use such data effectively or efficiently or to engage in some data transactions that would otherwise be available to entities not subject to the Data Security Program. Effective January 2, 2025, the Treasury Department’s China-focused Outbound Investment Security Program requires notification of and, in some cases, prohibits certain investments by U.S. persons in companies that have a nexus to China and are involved in advanced technologies in the AI, semiconductor or quantum information sectors. These requirements, as may be amended or supplemented from time to time, may prevent our funds from pursuing or exiting certain investments. Non-U.S. anti-bribery, anti-corruption or anti-money laundering laws, economic sanctions or other export control laws may impose stricter or more onerous requirements than U.S. law, and compliance with such non-U.S. laws may disrupt our business or cause us to incur significantly more costs. A number of other countries, including countries where we and our funds’ portfolio companies maintain operations or conduct business, have also expanded significantly their enforcement activities, especially in the anti-corruption area. For example, in the U.K., we are subject to laws regarding the prevention of money laundering and the financing of terrorism as well as laws prohibiting bribery, facilitation of tax evasion and fraud. Differences between such U.S. and non-U.S. laws increase the risks and complexities of compliance and sometimes present actual conflicts of law (especially with respect to sanctions and export controls). We cannot predict the nature, scope or effect of future regulatory requirements to which we might be subject or the manner in which existing laws might be administered, interpreted or enforced. While we have developed and implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with applicable sanctions, anti-bribery, data transfer and export control laws, such policies and procedures may not be effective in all instances to prevent violations. Any determination that we have violated these laws could subject us to, among other things, civil and criminal penalties, material fines, profit disgorgement, injunctions on future conduct, securities litigation, disbarment and a general loss of investor confidence, any one of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. In addition, depending on the circumstances, we could be liable for violations of applicable anti-corruption, sanctions or export control laws committed by companies in which we or our funds 81 Table of Contents invest (including via successor liability). Our funds’ portfolio companies’ compliance policies and procedures may not prevent all instances of money laundering, bribery, dealings with sanctioned jurisdictions or parties or other prohibited transactions, including those arising from actions by employees, for which we or they might be held responsible. Allegations that our funds’ portfolio companies engaged in conduct that has violated anti-corruption, economic sanctions or export control laws could negatively impact us, create legal liability or cause reputational and business harm that could negatively impact a fund’s investments. If we fail to comply with this multitude of laws and regulations, even where conflicts of law arise, we could be exposed to claims for damages, civil or criminal penalties, reputational harm, incarceration of our employees, restrictions on our operations (including disbarment) and other liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. Regulatory initiatives in jurisdictions outside the United States could negatively impact our business. Similar to the United States, the current environment in non-U.S. jurisdictions in which we operate, in particular the EU, the U.K., India, Japan and Korea, has become subject to an expanding body of regulation. Governmental regulators and other authorities have proposed or implemented a number of initiatives and additional rules and regulations that could adversely affect our business. EU and U.K. Regulatory Framework. As described under “Item 1. Business—Regulation and Compliance,” our two entities authorized and regulated in the U.K., TPG Europe and AG Europe, are subject to various regulations. As our business continues to grow in Europe, these U.K. authorized entities may be brought within scope of new rules that apply to larger, more complex businesses, which may impose additional costs or restrictions on how those entities operate. Our funds established, or registered for marketing, in the EU or the U.K. are also subject to EU and U.K. legislation, including the Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (“AIFMD”). AIFMD imposes regulatory obligations on us principally with respect to the marketing of our funds to EU and U.K. investors. These regulatory requirements increase the costs and administrative burden of establishing and operating our funds. Ongoing legislative developments may impose further restrictions, costs and complexity. For example, AIFMD amendments to be implemented in April 2026 (under AIFMD II), will introduce new rules for funds managed or marketed in the EEA, including substantive requirements and restrictions on open-ended funds and funds that “originate loans.” These new requirements will impose additional costs on our business as we implement measures to comply with AIFMD II and will also impose new restrictions on how our European managed funds operate. In addition, certain of our funds’ portfolio companies are subject to EU and U.K. regulation that affect their business and, in the case of violations, could result in a range of sanctions. Anti-Money Laundering. During 2020, two new EU Anti-Money Laundering (“AML”) Directives came into force: the fifth AML EU Directive (“AMLD5”) and the sixth AML EU Directive (“AMLD6”). AMLD5 was implemented into U.K. law on January 10, 2020. The changes under AMLD5 include new, more stringent customer due diligence measures and reporting requirements. AMLD5 has added complexity to our internal processes and any perceived or actual shortcomings in our adoption of AMLD5 could create reputational and legal risks to our business. AMLD6 harmonizes the definition of money laundering across the EU, expands the number of offenses that fall under the definition of money laundering and extends criminal liability to include punishments for legal persons. Since the U.K.’s withdrawal from the EU, each of the U.K. and EU has continued to develop its own autonomous AML regulatory regimes. More recently, the EU has introduced the Anti-Money Laundering Regulation (“AMLR”), which was adopted in 2024 with the main provisions coming into force in 2027. Among other things, the AMLR creates a new EU AML Authority, which will begin direct supervision of some large institutions in the EU in 2028, and an EU-wide single rulebook. The divergence of applicable regulatory regimes increases the risks and complexities of compliance. Information Reporting Requirements. Many countries have significantly increased their information reporting regimes over the past few years. For example, in 2018 the EU Council adopted a directive imposing a reporting obligation on parties to transactions that may involve aggressive tax planning (“DAC6”). Foreign Direct Investment . A number of jurisdictions continue to establish or strengthen restrictions on foreign direct investment. These countries often authorize their heads of state and/or regulatory bodies to block or impose conditions on certain transactions, such as investments, acquisitions and divestitures, if they threaten national security. In addition, many jurisdictions restrict foreign investment in assets important to national security by taking steps such as limiting foreign equity investment, implementing investment screening or approval mechanisms and restricting foreigners from serving as key personnel. These laws could limit our funds’ ability to make or exit investments or impose burdensome notification requirements, operational restrictions or delays in pursuing and consummating transactions. 82 Table of Contents Hong Kong Security Law. The National People’s Congress of China passed a national security law (the “National Security Law”) in 2020 that criminalizes certain offenses, including secession, subversion of the Chinese government, terrorism and collusion with foreign entities. The National Security Law also applies to non-permanent residents. Although the extra-territorial reach of the National Security Law remains unclear, there is a risk that its application to conduct outside the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of China (“Hong Kong”) by non-permanent residents of Hong Kong could limit the activities of or negatively impact us, our funds and/or our funds’ portfolio companies. The United States, the U.K. and several EU countries have expressed concerns regarding the National Security Law. The United States and other countries may take action against China, its leaders and leaders of Hong Kong, which may include the imposition of sanctions or tariffs. Escalation of tensions resulting from the National Security Law, including conflict between China and other countries, protests and other government measures, as well as other economic, social or political unrest in the future, could negatively impact the security and stability of the region and have a material adverse effect on countries in which we, our funds and our funds’ portfolio companies or any of their respective personnel or assets are located. While we maintain offices in Hong Kong and our funds invest in portfolio companies that operate in Hong Kong or are currently or expected to be listed on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong (which investments comprise approximately 0.1% of our AUM), none of our funds invests exclusively in Hong Kong; our Hong Kong operations, including our personnel and investments, do not represent a significant portion of our business; and our portfolio companies do not generally engage in commercial practices that would implicate the National Security Law. Nevertheless, the aforementioned risks, including an expansionary application of the National Security Law in unpredictable circumstances by the Chinese authorities, and any downturn in Hong Kong’s economy could negatively impact the industries in which we participate, negatively impact our, our funds’ or their portfolio companies’ operations and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. See “—Risks Related to Our Business—Changes in China’s governmental policies could have an adverse effect on our business and operations.” Any perceived or actual failure to comply with data privacy and security laws and regulations could adversely affect our operating results and business. We and our funds’ portfolio companies collect personally identifiable information and other sensitive and confidential data as an integral part of our business processes. The interpretation and application of privacy laws or regulations in the United States, EU (and its member states), the U.K. and elsewhere is developing and sometimes uncertain, and increasingly laws or regulations in one country may be inconsistent with, or contrary to, those of another country. Federal, state and foreign government bodies or agencies have in the past adopted, and may in the future adopt, laws and regulations affecting data privacy. Any of our U.S. operations may be impacted by a growing movement to adopt comprehensive privacy and data protection laws similar to the GDPR. Our compliance obligations include those relating to U.S. data privacy and security laws such as the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (together, the “CCPA”), which provides for enhanced consumer protections for California residents, a private right of action with statutory damages for certain data breaches and statutory fines for other CCPA violations, as well as a requirement of “reasonable” cybersecurity. The CCPA generally applies to businesses that collect personal information about California consumers, and either meet certain thresholds with respect to revenue or buying and/or selling consumers’ personal information. The CCPA imposes stringent legal and operational obligations on such businesses as well as certain affiliated entities that share common branding. Additionally, if unauthorized access, acquisition, theft or disclosure of a consumer’s personal information occurs, and the business did not maintain reasonable security practices consistent with California law, consumers could file a civil action (including a class action) without having to prove actual damages. Statutory damages range from $100 to $750 per consumer per incident, or actual damages, whichever is greater. The California Attorney General also may impose civil penalties ranging from $2,500 to $7,500 per violation. Further, California has established a state agency focused on the enforcement of the CCPA, which is leading to greater levels of regulation and enforcement and greater costs related to compliance. Nearly twenty other states in the United States have either passed, proposed or are considering comprehensive privacy laws and regulations generally similar to the CCPA and GDPR (such as the Nevada Privacy of Information Collected on the Internet from Consumers Act, which became effective on October 1, 2021, the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act passed March 2, 2021, the Colorado Privacy Act passed on July 8, 2021, the Utah Consumer Privacy Act passed on March 24, 2022 and the Connecticut Data Privacy Act passed on May 10, 2022, all of which have become effective), which could impose similarly significant costs, potential liabilities and operational and legal obligations. Such laws and regulations vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, with certain provisions being materially different and more restrictive than provisions in California, thus further increasing costs, operational and legal burdens, as well as the potential for significant liability. 83 Table of Contents Many foreign countries and governmental bodies, including the EU, U.K. and other relevant jurisdictions where we and our funds’ portfolio companies conduct business, have laws and regulations concerning the collection and use of personally identifiable information and other data about individuals in those countries, or by businesses operating within those jurisdictions that are more restrictive than those in the United States. These more restrictive laws include the GDPR, the U.K. GDPR, the Hong Kong Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance and the Australian Privacy Act. Privacy and cybersecurity laws in Singapore, Japan, Korea, Dubai, Abu Dhabi, India and other jurisdictions may also impact data in those jurisdictions. Laws and regulations in China may require the localization of certain personally identifiable information, or other information, and may subject businesses operating in China to intrusive governmental inspections. These laws and regulations impose onerous privacy obligations on us in the United States and internationally. We potentially remain exposed to liability, particularly given the continued and rapid development of privacy laws and regulations around the world and increased enforcement action. Any inability, or perceived inability, by us or our funds’ portfolio companies to adequately address privacy concerns, or comply with applicable laws, regulations, policies, industry standards and guidance, contractual obligations, or other legal obligations, even if unfounded, could result in significant regulatory enforcement actions and liability (which could include civil or criminal penalties), third-party liability, litigation (including class claims), increased costs, disruption of our and our funds’ portfolio companies’ business and operations and loss of client (including investor) confidence and other reputational damage. Furthermore, as new privacy-related laws and regulations are implemented, the time and resources needed for us and our funds’ portfolio companies to comply continue to increase. Artificial Intelligence . In May 2024, the EU approved a new regulation on AI (the “EU AI Act”), parts of which have already taken effect and the remainder of which will take effect by August 2027. The EU AI Act is a legal framework that governs the development and deployment of AI in the EU. The framework bans certain uses of AI outright and imposes material obligations on both the providers and deployers of certain other AI activities. Violations are subject to potentially significant fines, and regulators have powers to remove non-compliant products from the EU market. The Colorado Artificial Intelligence Act and other U.S. statutes may also impact our ability to use AI, restrict innovations or result in liability for prohibited uses of AI technologies. Other jurisdictions, such as Canada and Brazil, are also considering similar legal frameworks. Risks Related to Taxation Our structure involves complex provisions of U.S. federal income tax law for which no clear precedent or authority may be available. Our structure is also subject to on-going future potential legislative, judicial or administrative change and differing interpretations, possibly on a retroactive basis. The U.S. federal income tax treatment of our structure and transactions undertaken by us depends in some instances on determinations of fact and interpretations of complex provisions of U.S. federal income tax law for which no clear precedent or authority may be available. The U.S. federal income tax rules are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process, the IRS and the U.S. Department of the Treasury, frequently resulting in revised interpretations of established concepts, statutory changes, revisions to regulations and other modifications and interpretations. For example, it is possible that future legislation increases the U.S. federal income tax rates applicable to corporations. No prediction can be made as to whether any particular proposed legislation will be enacted or, if enacted, what the specific provisions or the effective date of any such legislation would be, or whether it would have any effect on us. As such, we cannot assure our stockholders that future legislative, administrative or judicial developments will not result in an increase in the amount of U.S. tax payable by us, our funds, portfolio companies owned by our funds or by investors in our Class A common stock. If any such developments occur, our business, results of operation and cash flows could be adversely affected and such developments could have an adverse effect on our stockholders’ investment in our Class A common stock. Changes in relevant tax laws, regulations or treaties or an adverse interpretation of these items by tax authorities could negatively impact our effective tax rate and tax liability. Our effective tax rate and tax liability is based on the application of current income tax laws, regulations and treaties. These laws, regulations and treaties are complex, and the manner which they apply to us and our funds is sometimes open to interpretation. Significant management judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes, our deferred tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowance recorded against our net deferred tax assets. Although management believes its application of current laws, regulations and treaties to be correct and sustainable upon examination by the tax 84 Table of Contents authorities, the tax authorities could challenge our interpretation, resulting in additional tax liability or adjustment to our income tax provision that could increase our effective tax rate. Regarding the impact of our status as a corporation on our income taxes, see Note 12, “Income Taxes,” to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Tax laws, regulations or treaties newly enacted or enacted in the future may cause us to revalue our net deferred tax assets and have a material change to our effective tax rate and tax liabilities. For example, on August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (“IRA”) was enacted in the United States. The IRA, among other things, includes a 15% minimum tax on adjusted financial statement income of corporations with average annual adjusted financial statement income in excess of $1 billion over a three-year period, a 1% excise tax on stock repurchases and additional clean energy tax incentives. There are significant uncertainties relating to the application of the IRA. Although the IRS and Treasury have released certain guidance under the IRA, including proposed regulations and other guidance regarding the 15% minimum tax and final regulations regarding the 1% excise tax, significant uncertainties remain after such guidance was issued, and it is not clear when additional guidance will be issued or whether the proposed regulations will be finalized. The Company will continue to evaluate its future impact if additional guidance is issued by the U.S. Department of the Treasury. Moreover, the OBBBA was enacted into law in the United States on July 4, 2025. The OBBBA resulted in significant changes to the Code, including changes to the taxation of international businesses, more favorable interest deductibility and accelerated asset depreciation, as well as making certain temporary provisions of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act permanent. Certain aspects of the OBBBA are unclear and require substantial future guidance from the U.S. Department of the Treasury and other governmental agencies. In addition, the U.S. Congress could, in the future, revise or repeal the provisions in the OBBBA or enact other tax law changes, and we are unable to predict which, if any, U.S. tax reform proposals will be enacted into law, and what effects any enacted legislation might have on the Company. The U.S. Congress, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (the “OECD”) and other government agencies in jurisdictions in which we invest or do business remain focused on the taxation of organizations, such as TPG. The OECD, which represents a coalition of member countries, is contemplating changes to numerous longstanding tax principles through its base erosion and profit shifting (“BEPS”) project, which focuses on a number of issues, including profit shifting among affiliated entities in different jurisdictions, interest deductibility and eligibility for the benefits of double tax treaties. Several of the proposed measures, including measures relating to the deductibility of interest expense, local nexus requirements, transfer pricing, treaty qualification and hybrid instruments could potentially be relevant to some of our ownership structures and could have an adverse tax impact on us, our funds, investors and/or our funds’ portfolio companies. Some member countries have been moving forward on the BEPS agenda but, because the timing of implementation and the specific measures adopted will vary among participating states, significant uncertainty remains regarding the impact of the BEPS proposals. If implemented, these and other proposals could result in increased taxes on income from our investments and increased non-U.S. taxes on our management fees. In addition, on October 8, 2021, the OECD/G20 inclusive framework on BEPS (the “Inclusive Framework”) published a statement updating and finalizing the key components of a two-pillar plan on global tax reform under the BEPS project originally agreed on July 1, 2021, and a timetable for implementation. Under pillar one, a portion of the residual profits of multinational businesses with global turnover above €20 billion and a profit margin above 10% will be allocated to market countries where such allocated profits would be taxed, and under pillar two, the Inclusive Framework has agreed on a global minimum corporate tax rate of 15% for companies with revenue above €750 million, calculated on a country-by-country basis. Over 130 members of the Inclusive Framework are participating in the two-pillar plan. The OECD has published model rules and other guidance with respect to the two-pillar plan, and further additional guidance and commentary was published throughout 2024 and 2025 and most recently in January 2026. A number of jurisdictions, including the United Kingdom and certain European Union Member States, have introduced legislation to implement aspects of the pillar two proposals with effect from December 31, 2023 (broadly, the “income inclusion rule” and the “domestic top-up tax”) with further aspects introduced from December 31, 2024 (broadly, the “undertaxed payments rule”). As the pillar two proposals have partially taken effect in some, but not all, jurisdictions for the taxable year beginning on January 1, 2025, there is still uncertainty as to how the pillar two proposals will be applied evenly during this transition period. In particular, further to the statement released by the G7 on June 28, 2025 which confirmed that agreement has been reached concerning the operation of a “side-by-side” solution to the application of Pillar Two to U.S. parented groups, we will evaluate the Administrative Guidance published by the OECD on January 5, 2026 in relation to the side-by-side package and other matters (including safe harbors and other simplification measures). We are currently monitoring the developments of the two-pillar plan and are evaluating its potential impact on our financial results, though the implementation of any new legislation could negatively impact us, our funds, our funds’ portfolio companies and our investors. 85 Table of Contents Legislative changes have been proposed that would, if enacted, modify the tax treatment of partnership interests. If this or any similar legislation or regulation were to be enacted and apply to us, we could incur a substantial increase in our compensation costs and it could result in a reduction in the value of our Class A common stock. Under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the “TCJA”), investments must be held for more than three years, rather than the prior requirement of more than one year, for performance allocations to be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as capital gain. In connection with the enactment of the IRA, certain proposals were made, that if enacted, would have significantly extended the required holding period rules and the scope of the rules governing the taxation of certain performance allocations. While these proposals were not ultimately included in the IRA, those proposals, or other similar proposals, could be adopted pursuant to future legislation. The longer holding period requirement under the TCJA (or as may be enacted under any current future proposals) may result in some or all of our performance allocations being treated as short-term capital gain, which would materially increase the amount of taxes that our employees and other key personnel holding equity would be required to pay. In January 2021, the IRS released regulations implementing the performance allocation provisions that were enacted as part of the TCJA, but some uncertainties remain after such regulations were issued. Although most proposals regarding the taxation of performance allocations still require gain realization before applying short-term capital gain rates, legislation has been proposed that would assume a deemed annual return on performance allocations and tax that amount annually, with a true-up once the assets are sold. In addition, following the TCJA, the tax treatment of performance allocations has continued to be an area of focus for policymakers and government officials, which could result in a further regulatory action by federal or state governments. For example, certain states, including New York and California, have proposed legislation to levy additional state tax on performance allocations. Tax authorities and legislators in other jurisdictions that TPG has investments or employees in could clarify, modify or challenge their treatment of performance allocations. See “Risks Related to Our Industry—Changes in the U.S. political environment and financial regulatory changes in the United States could negatively impact our business.” We may be required to fund withholding tax upon certain exchanges of Common Units into shares of our Class A common stock (or, in certain cases, shares of our nonvoting Class A common stock) by non-U.S. holders. In the event of a transfer by a non-U.S. transferor of an interest in a partnership, the transferee generally must withhold tax in an amount equal to ten percent of the amount realized (as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes) by the transferor on such transfer absent an exception. Holders of Common Units may include non-U.S. holders. Pursuant to the A&R Exchange Agreement, a non-U.S. holder of Common Units is entitled to have such holder’s Common Units exchanged for cash from a substantially concurrent public offering or private sale (based on the closing price per share of the Class A common stock on the day before the pricing of such public offering or private sale (taking into account customary brokerage commissions or underwriting discounts actually incurred)) or (at our option) shares of our Class A common stock (or, in certain cases, shares of our nonvoting Class A common stock). To the extent withholding is required and we elect to deliver shares of our Class A common stock (or, in certain cases, shares of our nonvoting Class A common stock) rather than cash, we may not have sufficient cash to satisfy such withholding obligation, and we may be required to incur additional indebtedness or sell shares of our Class A common stock in the open market to raise additional cash in order to satisfy our withholding tax obligations. If the TPG Operating Group partnership were to become a publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we and the TPG Operating Group partnership might be subject to potentially significant tax inefficiencies, and we would not be able to recover payments previously made under the Tax Receivable Agreement even if the corresponding tax benefits were subsequently determined to have been unavailable due to such status. We intend to operate such that the TPG Operating Group partnership does not become a publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. A “publicly traded partnership” is a partnership the interests of which are traded on an established securities market or readily tradable on a secondary market or the substantial equivalent thereof. Under certain circumstances, exchanges of Common Units pursuant to the A&R Exchange Agreement or other transfers of Common Units could cause the TPG Operating Group partnership to be treated like a publicly traded partnership. From time to time, the U.S. Congress has considered legislation to change the tax treatment of partnerships and there can be no assurance that any such legislation will not be enacted or if enacted will not be adverse to us. If the TPG Operating Group partnership were to become a publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, significant tax inefficiencies might result for us and the TPG Operating Group partnership, including as a result of our inability to file a consolidated U.S. federal income tax return with the TPG Operating Group partnership. In addition, we may not be able to realize tax benefits covered under the Tax Receivable Agreement and would not be able to recover any payments previously made under the Tax Receivable Agreement, even if 86 Table of Contents the corresponding tax benefits (including any claimed increase in the tax basis of the TPG Operating Group partnership’s assets) were subsequently determined to have been unavailable. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None Item 1C. Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy We have adopted processes designed to identify, assess and manage material risks from cybersecurity threats. Those processes include risk assessments of internal and external threats to the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our data and systems along with other material risks to our operations. These risk assessments inform our cybersecurity program and the continued development of a layered set of controls aimed at preventing, detecting and responding to threats. Our administrative, organizational, technical and physical security controls include, but are not limited to, policies and procedures, system hardening vulnerability scanning and patching, employee training and awareness, third-party risk management processes, backup and recovery processes, access controls, data encryption in transit and at rest, network perimeter controls and identity verification. When we engage service providers who will have access to sensitive data or our systems and facilities, our Cybersecurity team assesses each service provider’s administrative and technical security controls. In addition, as appropriate, we seek to include provisions in our service provider agreements that address our requirements as well as industry best practices related to data and cybersecurity, as well as our rights to assess, monitor, audit and test such service providers’ cybersecurity programs and practices. We also have policies and controls in place designed to detect and respond to cybersecurity events, including an incident response plan, an incident response team with dedicated roles and responsibilities for assessing and responding to a cybersecurity event, system logging and ongoing monitoring, and periodic training exercises simulating cybersecurity events that are designed to raise awareness and test our team’s response readiness capabilities. The nature, scope and effectiveness of these controls are regularly reviewed through a series of internal and external processes. The Cybersecurity team performs both automated monitoring on a continuous basis and manual reviews of key controls. We also conduct annual assessments of our cybersecurity program using industry standard cybersecurity frameworks, such as the NIST Cybersecurity Framework, as benchmarks to perform our evaluation. This does not imply that we fully meet any particular industry standards, specifications or requirements. In addition, independent reviews of our cybersecurity control effectiveness are conducted by TPG’s Internal Audit team on a periodic basis. We also engage external providers to conduct periodic external assessments, including penetration testing. Governance We have established an Enterprise Risk Committee (“ERC”) to manage overall risk across the Company including cybersecurity risks identified by the Cybersecurity team; the ERC includes representatives from relevant functions and is led by our CEO. We have also established an Operational Risk Committee (“ORC”) which is responsible for applying the policy decisions of the ERC. Operational responsibility for ensuring the adequacy and effectiveness of our cybersecurity risk management, control and governance processes is assigned to our Chief Information Security Officer (“CISO”), who periodically reports, among other things, potentially material cybersecurity incidents to the ORC and reports to the ERC at least annually. The Cybersecurity team also regularly coordinates with other key stakeholders within the firm, including Compliance, Human Resources, Internal Audit and Legal. The CISO leads the Company’s Cybersecurity team, which is responsible for implementing, maintaining and enforcing our cybersecurity program. Our CISO previously held various leadership roles within the Technology Risk department of one of the world’s largest banking institutions over a 17-year period. He holds a Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering and Mathematics from the University of Texas at Arlington and is a Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP). Our Cybersecurity team possesses a variety of cybersecurity skill sets and extensive expertise obtained through decades of experience, numerous industry certifications, and advanced degrees. The Cybersecurity team continues to take steps to maintain up-to-date knowledge of evolving cybersecurity threats and countermeasures. 87 Table of Contents The Audit Committee of our Board of Directors has primary oversight over our cybersecurity program. The CISO reports at least annually to the Audit Committee and such report may address overall assessment of the Company’s compliance with our cybersecurity policies, including risk assessment, risk management and control decisions, service provider arrangements, test results, security incidents and responses, and recommendations for changes and updates to policies and procedures. As of the date of this report, we are not aware of any risks from cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any previous cybersecurity incidents, that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect us, including our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition. Cyber criminals do, however, target TPG and our employees and service providers. Ongoing or future attacks such as these could have impacts on TPG’s operations. For additional information on these ongoing risks please refer to “Part 1.

--- VENDORS ---
vendors that we do not control for hosting solutions and technologies. Outages of and interruptions to third-party software vendors’ services have previously resulted in temporary disruptions to our normal operations. A disaster or more significant disruption in technology or infrastructure that supports our businesses, including a disruption involving electronic communications or other parts or services used by us, our vendors or third parties with whom we conduct business, including fund administrators, custodians, paying agents and escrow agents, or directly affecting our principal offices, could negatively impact our ability to continue to operate our business without interruption. Our business continuation or disaster recovery programs may not be sufficient to mitigate the harm that could result from such a disaster or disruption, and insurance and other safeguards may only partially reimburse us for our losses, if at all. Furthermore, we utilize cloud applications and services for the asset management business, and such applications and systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from computer viruses, data corruption, cyber-based attacks, unauthorized access, natural disasters, pandemics, terrorism, war and telecommunication and electrical failures. Any disruption in the operation of the information systems and technology or cloud applications and services on which we rely could negatively impact our business. 40 Table of Contents Failure to maintain the security of our information and technology networks or data security breaches could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. We rely on the reasonably secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential and other sensitive information in our computer systems and networks, and those of our service providers and their vendors. We are subject to various risks and costs associated with the collection, handling, storage and transmission of personally identifiable information and other sensitive information, including those related to compliance with U.S. and foreign data collection, privacy laws and other contractual obligations, as well as those associated with the compromise of the systems processing such information. In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store a range of data, including our proprietary business information and intellectual property, and personally identifiable information about our employees, our fund investors and other third parties, in our cloud applications and on our networks, as well as our service providers’ systems. The secure processing, maintenance and transmission of this information are critical to our operations. We, our service providers and their vendors face various security threats on a regular basis, including ongoing cybersecurity threats to and attacks on our and their information technology infrastructure that are intended to gain access to our information, destroy or modify data or disable, degrade or sabotage our systems. Cyber-incident techniques change frequently, may not immediately be recognized and can originate from a wide variety of sources. There has been an increase in the frequency, sophistication and ingenuity of the data security threats we and our service providers face, with attacks ranging from those common to businesses generally to those that are more advanced and persistent. Further, cyber-attacks and other security threats have become increasingly complex as a result of the emergence of new technologies, such as tools that harness generative AI and other machine learning techniques, which are able to identify and target new vulnerabilities in information technology systems. As a result, we may face a heightened risk of a security breach or disruption with respect to confidential information resulting from an attack by computer hackers, foreign governments or cyber terrorists. Our computer systems, software and networks may be vulnerable to unauthorized access, theft, misuse, computer viruses or other malicious code, including malware, and other events that could have a security impact, and our ability to monitor our service providers’ information systems may be limited or more difficult because we may not have direct access. Modifying or adjusting such protective measures may require increased allocation of our resources. We may be the target of more advanced and persistent attacks because, as an alternative asset manager, we hold a significant amount of confidential and sensitive information about, among other things, our fund investors, portfolio companies and potential investments. We may also be exposed to a more significant risk if these acts are taken by state actors. Any of the above cybersecurity threats, fraudulent activities or security breaches suffered by our service providers and their vendors could also put our confidential and sensitive information at risk or cause the shutdown of a service provider on which we rely. We and our employees have been and expect to continue to be the target of fraudulent calls and emails, the subject of impersonations and fraudulent requests for money, including attempts to redirect material payment amounts in a transaction to a fraudulent bank account, and other forms of spam attacks, phishing or other social engineering (including through the use of AI), ransomware or other events. Cyber-criminals may attempt to redirect payments made at the closings of our investments to unauthorized accounts, which we or the services providers, such as paying agents and escrow agents, may be unable to detect or protect against. In addition, some of our employees have fully-remote or hybrid work arrangements, which may increase our vulnerability to cyber and other information technology risks. There has also been a significant increase in malicious cyber activity involving ransomware, extortion and business email compromise. Ongoing global conflicts have likewise exacerbated these risks due to the scale of related offensive cyber-attacks that could directly, indirectly or inadvertently impact business far removed from the battlefield. The costs related to cyber or other security threats or disruptions may not be fully insured or indemnified by others, including by our service providers. If successful, such attacks and criminal activity could harm our reputation, disrupt our business, cause liability for stolen assets or information and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. We rely heavily on our back office information technology infrastructure, including our data processing systems, communication lines and networks. Our back-up procedures and capabilities in the event of a failure or interruption may not be adequate. Further, we are dependent on third-party service providers, including fund administrators, among others, for hosting hardware, software and data processing systems that we do not control. We also rely on third-party service providers for certain aspects of our businesses, including for certain information systems, technology and administration of our funds and compliance matters. While we perform risk assessments on our third-party providers, our reliance on them and their potential reliance on other third-party service providers removes certain cybersecurity functions from outside of our immediate control, and cyber-attacks on our third-party service providers could adversely affect us, our business and our reputation. Any interruption or failure of our or our service providers’ information technology infrastructure could result in our inability to provide services to our clients, other disruptions of our business, corruption or modifications to our data and fraudulent transfers or requests for transfers of money or the inability to demonstrate compliance with legal requirements. Further consequences could include liability for stolen assets or information, increased cybersecurity 41 Table of Contents protection, computer forensics expenses, insurance costs and litigation. We expect that we will need to continue to upgrade and expand our back-up procedures and capabilities in the future to avoid disruption of, or constraints on, our operations. We may incur significant costs to further upgrade our data processing systems and other operating technology in the future. New technologies also continue to develop, including AI. AI is developing at a rapid pace and becoming more accessible. As a result, the use of such new technologies by us and our service providers can present additional known and unknown risks, including, among others, the risk that confidential information may be stolen, misappropriated or disclosed and the risk that we and/or service providers may rely on incorrect, unclear or biased outputs generated by such technologies, any of which could have an adverse impact on us and our business. See “—Artificial intelligence and other machine learning techniques could increase competitive, operational, legal and regulatory risks to our businesses in ways that we cannot predict.” Our technology, data and intellectual property and the technology, data and intellectual property of our funds’ portfolio companies are also subject to a heightened risk of theft or compromise to the extent that we or our funds’ portfolio companies engage in operations outside the United States, particularly in those jurisdictions that do not have comparable levels of protection of proprietary information and assets, such as intellectual property, trademarks, trade secrets, know-how and customer information and records. In addition, we and our funds’ portfolio companies may be required to forgo protections or rights to technology, data and intellectual property in order to operate in or access markets in a foreign jurisdiction. Any such direct or indirect loss of rights in these assets could negatively impact us, our funds and their investments. A significant actual or potential theft, loss, corruption, exposure or fraudulent, unauthorized or accidental use or misuse of investor, employee or other personally identifiable or proprietary business data could occur, as a result of third-party actions, employee malfeasance or otherwise, non-compliance with our contractual or other legal obligations regarding such data or a violation of our privacy and security policies with respect to such data. If such a theft, loss, corruption, exposure, use or misuse of data were to occur, it could result in significant remediation and other costs, fines and litigation and regulatory actions against us by (i) the U.S. federal and state governments, (ii) the EU, U.K. or other jurisdictions, (iii) various regulatory organizations or exchanges and (iv) affected individuals, as well as significant reputational harm. Cybersecurity has become a top priority for regulators in the United States and around the world, and cybersecurity laws and regulations are developing rapidly. For example, in December 2023, the SEC’s new cybersecurity rules became effective requiring public companies to publicly disclose material cybersecurity incidents and periodic disclosure of a registrant’s cybersecurity risk management, strategy and governance in annual reports. The SEC has also adopted changes to Regulation S‐P, which requires, among other things, that investment companies, broker‐dealers and SEC‐registered investment advisers notify affected individuals of a breach involving their personal financial information within 30 days of becoming aware that it occurred. Many jurisdictions in which we operate have laws and regulations relating to data privacy, cybersecurity and protection of personal information and other sensitive information, including, without limitation, the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) (the “GDPR”) in the EU and the U.K. GDPR and Data Protection Act 2018 in the U.K. (the “U.K. Data Protection Act”), comprehensive U.S. state privacy laws enacted in California, Texas and other states as well as laws in Australia, Cayman Islands, Hong Kong, India, Korea, Japan, Dubai, Abu Dhabi and Singapore. Some jurisdictions in which we operate, including China, have also passed cybersecurity laws that impose data sovereignty restrictions and require the localization of certain information within the jurisdiction. We believe that additional similar laws will be adopted in other jurisdictions in the future, further expanding the regulation of data privacy and cybersecurity. Such laws and regulations strengthen the rights of individual data subjects, mandate stricter controls over the processing of personal data by both controllers and processors of personal data and impose stricter sanctions with substantial administrative fines and potential claims for damages from data subjects for breach of their rights, among other requirements. Some jurisdictions, including each of the U.S. states, U.S. federal laws, the EU through the GDPR and the U.K. through the U.K. Data Protection Act, have also enacted laws requiring companies to notify individuals and data protection regulators of data security breaches involving certain types of personally identifiable information, which creates regulatory complexity and requires heightened internal processes and incident response planning. We devote resources to and monitor and enhance our information security and data privacy procedures and controls in an effort to comply with evolving cybersecurity and data privacy regulation. We or our funds’ portfolio companies may incur substantial costs to comply with changes in such laws and regulations and may be unable to adapt to such changes in the necessary timeframe and/or at reasonable cost. Furthermore, if we fail to comply with the applicable laws and regulations, it could result in regulatory investigations and penalties, which could lead to negative publicity and may cause our fund investors and clients to lose confidence in the effectiveness of our security and privacy measures. 42 Table of Contents Our funds’ portfolio companies also rely on data processing systems and the secure processing, storage and transmission of information, including payment and health information. A disruption or compromise of these systems could negatively impact the value of these businesses. Our funds may invest in strategic assets having a national or regional profile or in infrastructure, the nature of which could expose them to a greater risk of being subject to a nation-state or terrorist attack or security breach than other assets or businesses. Such an event could negatively impact our investment or assets of the same type or require portfolio companies to increase preventative security measures or expand insurance coverage. The materialization of one or more of these risks could impair the quality of our and our funds’ operations, harm our reputation, materially and adversely impact our businesses and limit our ability to grow. Artificial intelligence and other machine learning techniques could increase competitive, operational, legal and regulatory risks to our businesses in ways that we cannot predict. The use of AI by us and others, and the overall adoption of AI throughout society, may exacerbate or create new and unpredictable competitive, operational, legal and regulatory risks to our businesses. There is substantial uncertainty about the extent to which AI will result in dramatic changes throughout the world, and we may not be able to anticipate, prevent, mitigate or remediate all of the potential risks, challenges or impacts of such changes. These changes could potentially disrupt, among other things, our business models, the investments our funds make, investment strategies, operational processes and our ability to identify and hire employees. Some of our competitors may be more successful than us in the development and implementation of new technologies, including services and platforms based on AI, to address investor demands or improve operations. If we are unable to adequately advance our capabilities in these areas, or do so at a slower pace than others in our industry, we may be at a competitive disadvantage. If the data we, or third parties whose services we rely on, use in connection with the possible development or deployment of AI is incomplete, inadequate or biased in some way, the performance of our products, services and businesses could suffer. In addition, we analyze data through different means, including manual reviews, automated rules as well as the use of AI to better manage our business. Recent technological advances in AI both present opportunities and pose risks to us. Data in technology that uses AI may contain a degree of inaccuracy and error, which could result in flawed algorithms in various models used in our businesses. The volume and reliance on data and algorithms also make AI more susceptible to cybersecurity threats, including data poisoning and the compromise of underlying models, training data or other intellectual property. Our personnel or the personnel of our service providers could, without being known to us, improperly utilize AI and machine learning-technology while carrying out their responsibilities. This could reduce the effectiveness of AI technologies and adversely impact us and our operations to the extent that we rely on work product created by AI with or without human intervention or involvement. There is also a risk that AI may be misused or misappropriated by our employees or third parties we engage. For example, a user may input confidential information, including material non-public information or personally identifiable information, into unauthorized AI applications, resulting in the information becoming a part of a dataset that is accessible by third-party technology applications and users, including our competitors. Further, we may not be able to control how third-party AI that we choose to use is developed or maintained, or how data we input is used or disclosed, even where we have sought contractual protections with respect to these matters. See “—We and our funds are subject to risks in using third-party service providers, including administrators, custodians, executing brokers, prime brokers and other agents.” The misuse or misappropriation of our data could have an adverse impact on our reputation and could subject us to legal and regulatory investigations or actions or create competitive risk. In addition, the use of AI by us or others may require compliance with legal or regulatory frameworks that are not fully developed or tested, and we may face litigation and regulatory actions related to our use of AI. There has been increased scrutiny, including from global regulators, regarding the use of data, diligence of data sets and oversight of data vendors. Our ability to use data to gain insights into and manage our business may be limited in the future by regulatory scrutiny and legal developments. See “— Failure to maintain the security of our information and technology networks or data security breaches could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow.” 43 Table of Contents We and our funds are subject to risks in using third-party service providers, including administrators, custodians, executing brokers, prime brokers and other agents. We and many of our funds depend on the services of administrators, custodians, prime brokers and other agents and third-party service providers to carry out certain securities transactions and other business functions. Errors and mistakes made by these third parties may be attributed to us and subject us or our fund investors to reputational damage, penalties or losses. We may be unsuccessful in seeking reimbursement or indemnification from these third-party service providers. Furthermore, in the event of the insolvency of a custodian and/or prime broker, our funds may be unable to recover equivalent assets in full as they will rank among the custodian’s and prime broker’s unsecured creditors in relation to assets it borrows, lends or otherwise uses. In addition, a custodian or prime broker may not segregate our funds’ cash from its own cash, and our funds therefore may rank as unsecured creditors in relation to that cash. The inability to recover assets from the custodian or prime broker could have a material adverse effect on our and our funds’ results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. Counterparties have generally reacted to recent market volatility by tightening their underwriting standards and increasing their margin requirements for all categories of financing, which has the result of decreasing the overall amount of leverage available and increasing the costs of borrowing. Many of our funds have credit facilities, and if a lender under one or more of these credit facilities were to become insolvent, we could have difficulty replacing the credit facility and one or more of our funds may face liquidity problems. The counterparty to one or more of our or our funds’ contractual arrangements could default on its obligations under the contract. Default risk may arise from events or circumstances that are difficult to detect, foresee or evaluate. In addition, concerns about, or a default by, one large market participant could lead to significant liquidity problems for other market participants, which could in turn expose us to significant losses. If a counterparty defaults, we and our funds may be unable to take action to cover the exposure and could incur material losses and legal and reputational damages. We may not accurately anticipate the impact of market stress or counterparty financial condition and, as a result, we could take insufficient action to reduce these risks effectively, which, if left unmitigated, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. The consolidation and elimination of counterparties may increase our concentration of counterparty risk. Our funds generally are not restricted from dealing with any particular counterparty or from concentrating any or all of their transactions with one counterparty. Our activities and the business activities of certain of our personnel may give rise to conflicts of interest with our funds, and our failure to deal appropriately with conflicts of interest could damage our reputation and negatively impact our business. As we have expanded and continue to expand the number and scope of our activities, we increasingly confront actual, potential or apparent conflicts of interest relating to our funds’ investment activities. The following discussion describes certain of these actual, potential or apparent conflicts of interest and how we intend to manage them. If we are unable to successfully manage conflicts of interest relating to our funds’ investment activities, fund investors may decrease their commitments to future funds or redeem their investments in certain of our funds, including our open-ended funds and perpetual capital vehicles, we could be subject to lawsuits or regulatory enforcement actions or we could face other adverse consequences and reputational harm, all of which could cause our and our funds’ performance to suffer and thus adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. The following summary is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all actual, potential or apparent conflicts or their potential consequences. Identifying potential conflicts of interest is complex and fact-intensive, and it is not possible to foresee every conflict of interest that will arise. Allocation Procedures and Principles. Conflicts of interest exist regarding decisions about the allocation of specific investment opportunities among us and our funds and the allocation of fees and costs among us, our funds and our funds’ portfolio companies. Certain inherent conflicts of interest arise from the fact that: • we provide investment management services to more than one fund; • our funds often have overlapping investment strategies and objectives, including co-investing funds and funds that invest alongside other funds; and 44 Table of Contents • we could choose to allocate an investment to more than one fund or to allocate an entire investment opportunity to a single fund when the “duty to offer” provisions in our fund documents are not determinative of allocation. An allocation decision could result in a single fund being allocated an entire investment opportunity, or in multiple funds sharing an investment opportunity. Our allocation committee employs principles that we determine in good faith to be fair and reasonable. In addition, as described below under “—Information barriers,” certain funds are behind an information barrier and would generally not be allocated an opportunity sourced by an investment platform on the other side of the information barrier. We expect our allocation principles, and procedures more generally, to change over time, including during the commitment periods of our funds. The application of our allocation principles is a fact-intensive exercise, and in some cases, one single factor may outweigh the other considerations. While we base our allocation decisions on the information available to us at the time, this information could prove, in retrospect, to be incomplete or otherwise flawed. In making an allocation decision, additional potential conflicts of interest arise. Specifically, because our funds have different fee, expense and profit-sharing structures, we have an incentive to allocate an investment opportunity to the fund that would generate higher management fees or performance allocations. In addition, our professionals will generally participate indirectly in investments made by the funds in which they invest as a result of commitments to upper-tier entities. We do not explicitly take such considerations into account in making allocation decisions and expect that our procedures and principles will help mitigate the risk that these incentives implicitly influence our allocation decisions. Conflicts of interest may also arise in the determination of what constitutes fund-related expenses and the allocation of such expenses between the funds we manage and us. When a fund co-invests alongside our other funds in an investment, we generally expect to allocate the fees and expenses incurred in connection with such investment to the participating investment vehicles in proportion to the relative amounts invested in such investment, or on such other basis determined to be fair and equitable, subject to certain legal, regulatory, tax and other considerations. However, if the transaction is abandoned or otherwise ultimately not consummated, we will seek to allocate the fees and expenses incurred in connection with such a “broken deal” among the fund and other investment vehicles that were considering the investment using our best judgment and based on the expected participation levels of the investing funds and/or accounts. This judgment is necessarily subjective, especially when a transaction is terminated at an early stage. When we abandon an opportunity, absent a factual development to the contrary, we will allocate the fees and expenses for such transaction to such fund or funds. As with our other allocation decisions, our allocation procedures and principles are designed to help mitigate the risk that financial incentives implicitly influence the allocation of broken deal fees and expenses. Many of our fund documents give us the flexibility to offer fund investors, senior advisors or other third parties (including TPG, TPG-affiliated entities and investors in other funds) the opportunity to invest alongside our funds, or “co-invest,” in an investment a fund is making either directly or through a TPG-controlled vehicle established to invest in one or more co-investment opportunities. Our fund documents typically do not mandate specific allocations with respect to co-investments. Our funds’ investment advisers have an incentive to provide potential co-investment opportunities to certain investors or to certain funds, such as our perpetual capital vehicles, in lieu of others and/or in lieu of an allocation to our funds (including, for example, as part of an investor’s overall strategic relationship with us) if such allocations are expected to generate relatively greater fees or performance allocations than would arise if such co-investment opportunities were allocated otherwise. Shared investments. We expect more than one of our funds to make investments in the same portfolio company in many cases. In such cases, the funds will often co-invest in lockstep, with both funds making and exiting the shared investment at the same time and on substantially the same terms. In some situations, however, the funds will have different entry and/or exit timing in the same portfolio company, acquire the same or different security or extend credit on different terms or acquire, originate or otherwise make investments in different parts of a portfolio company’s capital structure. See “—Investing throughout the corporate capital structure” below. In these cases, each fund’s views of the investment and its interests may diverge. This could cause one fund to dispose of, increase its exposure to or continue to hold the investment at a time when the other fund has taken a different approach. As a result, the actions of one fund could affect the value of the other fund’s investment. For instance, a sale by a fund of its investment below “par” could put downward pressure on the value of the remaining fund’s interest. Additionally, in certain circumstances, our investment professionals overseeing an investment for one fund may be, as a result of information barriers, unaware of, or otherwise prohibited from acting on or disclosing, information obtained while dealing with another’s fund investment in the same portfolio company, even though such action or disclosure could be in a fund’s, or our, interests (e.g., when a TPG fund holds an interest in a 45 Table of Contents portfolio investment that goes into bankruptcy or reorganization, becomes insolvent or otherwise experiences financial distress or is unable to meet its payment obligations). See “—Information barriers” below. Investing throughout the corporate capital structure. Our funds invest in a broad range of asset classes throughout the corporate capital structure, including loans and debt securities, preferred equity securities and common equity securities. In certain cases, we may manage separate funds that invest in different parts of the same company’s capital structure or one fund may lend to a company in which another fund holds an equity stake. As our number and range of products grows, the frequency of such conflicts may increase. Decisions taken by one fund in these circumstances to further its interests may be adverse to the interests of another fund. In those cases, the interests of our funds may not be aligned, which could create actual or potential conflicts of interest or the appearance of such conflicts. In addition, when such conflicts of interest arise between the holders of different types of investments as to what actions the relevant investment should take, the ability of the general partner to take actions in the best interest of the relevant fund may be impaired. We may also invest in portfolio investments of our funds, including on a temporary basis while warehousing investments on behalf of a fund or on a permanent basis (e.g., in connection with an establishment of a specific business). Such activities may result in actual or perceived conflicts of interest, including on a more pronounced basis in light of us being invested in a different level of the capital structure of an investment as compared to a fund. We will at times take steps to reduce potential conflicts of interest, including by causing a fund to take certain actions that, in the absence of such conflict, it would not take (or abstain from taking certain actions it would otherwise take). Any such steps could have the effect of benefiting one fund, or the Company, at the expense of another fund. Competition and conflicts among TPG businesses. Given the breadth of our portfolio across platforms, our funds often invest in a competitor or customer of, or service provider or supplier to, a portfolio company of another fund, which could give rise to a variety of conflicts of interest. For example, a fund or its portfolio company may take actions for commercial reasons that have adverse consequences for another fund or its portfolio company, such as seeking to increase its market share at the portfolio company’s expense (as a competitor), withdrawing business from the portfolio company in favor of a competitor that offers the same product or service at a more competitive price (as a customer), increasing prices in lockstep with other enterprises in the industry (as a supplier) or commencing litigation against the fund portfolio company (in any capacity). Notwithstanding the foregoing risks, our funds are under no obligation to take any action or refrain from taking any action to prevent or mitigate any losses by another fund or to take into account another fund’s interests in advising their portfolio companies or otherwise managing their assets. Possession of material non-public information. Our funds, investment platforms and people regularly obtain non-public information regarding target companies and other investment opportunities. Prior to our acquisition of Angelo Gordon, we did not maintain permanent information barriers among our businesses. Following the acquisition, we have created an information barrier between our historical TPG business and the Credit platform and certain Real Estate products. For more information, see “—Information barriers” below. However, we do not currently maintain permanent information barriers among the businesses on the same side of the information barrier and generally impute non-public information received by one investment team to all other investment professionals on the same side of an information barrier, including all of the personnel who make investments for our funds. In the event that any of our funds or people obtain confidential or material non-public information, we and our funds may be restricted in acquiring or disposing of investments. Notwithstanding the maintenance of restricted securities lists and other internal controls, the internal controls relating to the management of material non-public information could fail and result in us, or one of our people, buying or selling a security while, at least constructively, in possession of material non-public information. Inadvertent trading on material non-public information could negatively impact our reputation, result in the imposition of regulatory or financial sanctions and, consequently, negatively impact our ability to provide investment management services to our funds and clients. In limited circumstances, we may erect temporary information barriers to restrict the transfer of non-public information, which limit our funds’ abilities to benefit from our expertise and could be breached, resulting in the same restrictions on their investment activities. Information barriers . While we generally allow for information to flow freely among many of our investment platforms, we place certain businesses behind information barriers. Currently, for example, the Credit platform and certain Real Estate products are on the other side of an information barrier from the rest of our investment platforms. While information barriers are designed to restrict the flow of information between certain businesses, such barriers may be breached, inadvertently or otherwise, including with respect to information regarding certain investment opportunities, deal pipelines and strategy, which could result in greater restrictions to our funds’ investment activities. In addition, our information barriers may not be effective in accomplishing their stated purpose and/or they may otherwise adversely affect the ability of our funds to effectively achieve their investment objectives by unduly limiting the investment flexibility of the funds and/or the flow of otherwise appropriate information between businesses. For example, in some instances, certain 46 Table of Contents of our personnel may be unable to assist with the activities of a fund as a result of these information barriers. As a result of having an information barrier, information that could benefit a fund might become restricted to those other respective businesses and otherwise be unavailable to such fund. Further, we could be required by certain regulations, or decide that it is advisable, to establish additional permanent information barriers, which would further reduce our ability to share information internally, limit management’s ability to manage our investments and reduce potential synergies across our businesses. The establishment of information barriers may also lead to operational disruptions and result in restructuring costs, including costs related to hiring additional personnel as existing investment professionals are allocated to either side of a barrier. Broker-dealer and other affiliated service providers. TPG Capital BD, is an affiliate of ours that is a broker-dealer registered with the SEC and a member of FINRA. TPG Capital BD performs services that include those described below. See “—Our broker-dealer’s capital markets activities expose us to risks that, if they materialize, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow.” We expect the types of capital markets services we provide to evolve in light of market developments and industry trends. TPG Capital BD and related entities typically receive compensation for the services we provide in connection with these capital markets activities. Depending on the nature of the transaction, the fund, the portfolio company or other parties to the transaction will pay the fee to TPG Capital BD or a related entity. In many cases, subject to a fund’s governing documents, compensation we receive for providing capital markets services will not offset the management fee or require the consent of investors or any advisory committee. While we believe that our internal capital markets capabilities help maximize value for our funds, our ability to utilize TPG Capital BD or a related entity in connection with the foregoing transactions gives rise to conflicts of interest. In general, we have an incentive to retain, or to exercise our control or influence over a portfolio company’s management team or other participant so that it retains, TPG Capital BD (or a related entity) or otherwise transacts with TPG Capital BD instead of other unaffiliated broker-dealers or counterparties. For instance, TPG Capital BD (or a related entity) could take the place of an investment bank in a syndicate underwriting a securities offering or debt placement or act as the sole or lead financial institution on a transaction instead of a third-party bank. When involved in a particular transaction, TPG Capital BD (or a related entity) has the incentive to seek higher fees or other favorable terms from a fund, the portfolio company or other counterparties, as well as to structure a transaction so that it benefits certain fund investors or other third parties that are of strategic importance. For example, TPG Capital BD (or a related entity) could influence the placement of a portfolio company’s securities or debt instruments so that investors who are sizeable investors in multiple of our funds or who pay TPG Capital BD (or a related entity) a placement fee receive an allocation ahead of others. TPG Capital BD (or a related entity) could likewise place such securities or instruments with another fund or vehicle (and receive compensation for such placement), which would give rise to similar and additional conflicts. Similarly, we could place with a fund (and receive compensation for such placement) securities or instruments related to a portfolio company of one or more other funds. To the extent that our capital markets professionals face competing demands for their time and attention, we have an incentive to devote our limited capital markets resources to portfolio companies and transactions that would generate the highest fee for TPG Capital BD (or related entities). Our employees who provide capital markets services are under no obligation to prioritize the interests of a fund or its investors in determining how to allocate their time across various projects within our firm. Potential conflicts of interest in connection with co-investments between our private funds and our Registered Closed-End Management Investment Companies . The registered closed-end management investment companies we manage are permitted to co-invest in portfolio companies with each other and with affiliated investment funds pursuant to an SEC Order (the “Co-Investment Exemptive Order”). The different investment objectives or terms of such funds may result in a potential conflict of interest, including in connection with the allocation of investments between the funds made pursuant to the Co-Investment Exemptive Order. Investing pursuant to the Co-Investment Exemptive Order may limit the ability of our funds to make certain investments, or take actions with respect to particular investments, they otherwise may have made, and subjects us to additional compliance and regulatory risk. In addition, conflicts of interest may exist in the valuation of our investments and regarding decisions about the allocation of specific investment opportunities among us and our funds and the allocation of fees and costs among us, our funds and their portfolio companies. Potential performance allocation-related conflicts. Since the amount of performance allocations allocable to our funds’ general partners depends on such fund’s performance, we have an incentive to recommend and, as the general partner, cause our funds to make more speculative investments than they would otherwise make in the absence of such performance allocation. We may also have an incentive to cause a fund, as its general partner, to dispose of investments at a time and in a sequence that would generate the most performance allocations, even if it would not be in the fund’s interest 47 Table of Contents to dispose of the investments in that manner. Further, capital gain in respect of a general partner’s distributions of performance allocations from certain of our funds is treated as short-term capital gain unless the fund holds the relevant investment for more than three years, as opposed to the general rule that capital gain from the disposition of investments held for more than one year is treated as long-term capital gain. This creates an incentive to cause the fund to hold investments for longer periods in order for any gain from their dispositions to qualify for capital gain treatment under the performance allocation rules, even if it would be in the fund’s interest to hold the investments for shorter periods. Consequently, conflicts of interest arise in connection with investment decisions, including regarding the identification, making, management, disposition and, in each case, timing of a fund’s investments, and we may not realize the most tax efficient treatment of our performance allocations generated by all of our funds going forward. In addition, since our investment professionals have an interest in the performance allocations made by our funds, our investment professionals may have an incentive to recommend investments and realizations that maximize the amount of performance allocations rather than management fees. Further, because Tarrant Remain Co I, L.P., Tarrant Remain Co II, L.P., and Tarrant Remain Co III, L.P. are entitled to a portion of our funds’ performance allocations, we, in certain circumstances, will have less of an interest in such performance allocations than our investment professionals who also hold equity interests in RemainCo. Similarly, because our senior leadership team holds equity interests in RemainCo, they may have an incentive to recommend that we allocate investments to certain funds or create new funds in which RemainCo holds a higher share percentage of performance allocations, which may be contrary to our interests. Use of subscription line facilities by our funds. Most of our funds obtain subscription line facilities to, among other things, facilitate investments and finance operations. Our funds’ subscription line facilities generally allow revolving borrowings up to a specified principal amount that is determined based in part on the relevant fund’s capital commitments and the lenders’ assessment of the creditworthiness of its investors, and subscription line facilities are typically secured by pledges of the general partner’s right to call capital from, and receive amounts funded by, the funds’ investors. Subscription line facilities may be entered into on a cross-collateralized basis with the assets of the funds’ parallel funds, certain other funds and their respective alternative investment vehicles and allow borrowings by portfolio companies or other investment entities. The applicable entities party to the subscription line facility may be held jointly and severally liable for the full amount of the obligations arising out of such facility. If a fund obtains a subscription line facility, the fund’s working capital needs will, in most instances, be satisfied through borrowings under the subscription line facility. As a result, capital calls are expected to be conducted in larger amounts on a less frequent basis in order to, among other things, repay borrowings and related interest expenses due under such subscription line facilities. We have incentives to engage in fund-level borrowing notwithstanding the expense and risks that accompany it. For example, we may present certain performance metrics in a fund’s periodic reports and marketing materials. These performance metrics measure investors’ actual cash outlays to, and returns from, our funds and thus depend on the amount and timing of investor capital contributions to the fund and fund distributions to its investors. To the extent that a fund uses borrowed funds in advance or in lieu of calling capital, investors make correspondingly later or smaller capital contributions. Also, borrowing to make distributions of proceeds from an investment enables fund investors to receive distributions earlier. As a result, the use of borrowed funds generally results in the presentation of higher performance metrics than simply calling capital, even after accounting for the attendant interest expense. Fund-level borrowing can also affect the preferred return fund investors receive and the performance allocations the general partner receives, as preferred return and performance allocations generally depend on the amount and timing of capital contributions and distributions of proceeds. In particular, the preferred return generally begins to accrue after capital contributions are due (regardless of when the fund borrows, makes the relevant investment or pays expenses) and ceases to accrue upon return of these capital contributions. Borrowing funds to shorten the period between calling and returning capital limits the amount of time the preferred return will accrue. Since we do not pay preferred returns on funds borrowed in advance or in lieu of calling capital, fund level borrowing will therefore reduce the amount of preferred return to which the fund investors would otherwise be entitled had we called capital. Conflicts of interest with our partners, directors, senior advisors, professionals or business partners could damage our reputation and negatively impact our business. Our arrangements with our partners, directors, senior advisors, professionals and business partners could give rise to additional conflicts of interest. The following discussion describes certain of these actual, potential or apparent conflicts of interest and how we intend to manage them. If we are unable to successfully manage conflicts of interest relating to arrangements with our partners, directors, senior advisors, professionals or business partners, fund investors may decrease their commitments to future funds, we could be subject to lawsuits or regulatory enforcement actions or we could face 48 Table of Contents other adverse consequences and reputational harm, all of which could cause our and our funds’ performance to suffer and thus adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. The following summary is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all conflicts or their potential consequences. Identifying potential conflicts of interest is complex and fact-intensive, and it is not possible to foresee every conflict of interest that will arise. Potential conflicts of interest with our personnel, partners, directors or senior advisors . One or more committees of our board of directors, excluding any directors who may have an interest or involvement, will review and address, as appropriate, certain actual or perceived conflicts of interest involving, among others, our executive officers or directors. Other than as may be provided in the non-competition, non-solicitation and confidentiality obligations contained in employment or other agreements with our personnel, our partners, directors and senior advisors are not prohibited from engaging in other businesses or activities, including those that might be in direct competition with us or our funds’ portfolio companies. Although we generally have such agreements with our personnel, there can be no guarantee they would be enforceable in all cases, particularly as U.S. states and/or federal agencies enact legislation or adopt rules aimed at effectively prohibiting non-competition agreements. For example, in April 2024, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”) issued a final rule that generally prohibits post-employment non-compete clauses (or other clauses with comparable effect) in agreements between employers and their employees. Although legal challenges to the FTC’s non-compete rule were successful at the trial court level and the FTC has abandoned its efforts to enforce a blanket federal ban, its recent enforcement actions and announced initiatives indicate the FTC will continue targeted enforcement against overly broad non-compete clauses and related market restraints. Further, in 2023, legislation that would ban post‐employment non‐compete agreements was introduced in New York, but subsequently vetoed by the Governor. Similar legislation is likely to be reintroduced in the future and, if enacted, would likely prohibit some or all post‐employment non‐compete provisions in employment agreements. In recent years, several states enacted legislation impacting non-compete enforceability, including complete bans of non-competes as well as industry-specific legislation. Several other states have proposed similar legislation that is currently pending. Such legislation could impact our ability to enforce such non-compete agreements with our employees. We may also face costly litigation if we seek to enforce these types of agreements. Our code of conduct and ethics contains a conflicts of interest policy that provides that directors and officers must strive to identify and avoid conflicts of interest with us. Additionally, our related person transactions policy requires the review and approval by one or more committees of our board of directors, excluding any directors who may have an interest or involvement, of certain transactions involving us and our directors, executive officers, 5% or greater stockholders and other related persons as defined under the policy. Notwithstanding these policies, potential or perceived conflicts could lead to investor dissatisfaction, harm our reputation or result in litigation or regulatory enforcement actions. In addition, senior advisors are not employees and thus are generally not subject to restrictions and conditions that relate specifically to our employees and affiliates. Senior advisors often make personal investments in portfolio companies alongside our funds, and our funds are not prohibited from investing in portfolio companies in which senior advisors hold existing material investments. In the event that a senior advisor co-invests alongside such fund in any portfolio company, such fund will likely bear up to all of the costs and expenses related to such co-investment by the senior advisor, including the costs and expenses related to the establishment and operation of any co-investment vehicle through which the senior advisor invests. Similarly, our funds may co-invest in portfolio companies alongside funds that senior advisors manage or invest in portfolio companies in which such funds have an existing material investment. We believe that the expertise of all of our senior advisors benefits our funds. However, conflicts of interest or the appearance of such conflicts may arise in connection with investment decisions for funds in which our partners and senior advisors, are personally invested. For example, we typically determine a senior advisor’s compensation even when our funds or their portfolio companies ultimately pay or reimburse us for such compensation. Our close business or personal relationships with certain senior advisors decreases our incentive to negotiate for lower compensation. Moreover, the appropriate level of compensation for a senior advisor can be difficult to determine, especially if the expertise and services he or she provides are unique and/or tailored to the specific engagement. Similarly, these unique and/or tailored specific engagements with our senior advisors can be difficult to manage. See “—Risks Related to Our Industry—Extensive regulation of our businesses affects our activities and creates the potential for significant liabilities and penalties. Increased regulatory focus on the alternative asset industry or legislative or regulatory changes could result in additional burdens and expenses on our business.” Activities and compensation of our operation and business building professionals. We engage operations and business building professionals to assist our investment team in creating value in our portfolio. We determine in our discretion and subject to applicable law whether to engage a professional as an employee or as a consultant. Professionals engaged as consultants may become employees, and likewise employees may become consultants. Our determination of whether to engage a professional as an employee or a consultant can give rise to conflicts of interest because, in general, 49 Table of Contents except with respect to certain in-house, foreign office and specialized operational services provided to certain funds, we bear the compensation costs for our employees whereas compensation costs for consultants could be paid by us, a fund or a portfolio company, as described above. Where an operations professional performs specialized operational services for a fund or portfolio companies, we are often reimbursed for the costs of those services, regardless of whether the professional providing the service is our employee or a consultant. Strategic business partners and operators. We have also formed and expect to continue to form relationships with third-party strategic partners and operators so that our funds can take advantage of their expertise, often in particular industries, sectors and/or geographies. These strategic partners and operators often have close business relationships with us and provide services that are similar to, and that may overlap with, services we provide to our funds, including sourcing, conducting due diligence on or developing potential investments, as well as structuring, managing, monitoring and disposing of investments. We determine the compensation of our strategic partners and certain of our operators on a case-by-case basis, which creates a conflict of interest in that we have an incentive to structure compensation under strategic business partnerships so that the fund (and hence its investors) bears the costs (directly or indirectly) instead of us. In addition, as with senior advisors, our close business relationship with a strategic partner decreases our incentive to negotiate for their lower compensation. Interest of our professionals in our funds. Our professionals generally participate indirectly in investments made by our funds. While we believe this helps align the interests of our professionals with those of the funds’ other investors and provides a strong incentive to enhance fund performance, these arrangements could also give rise to conflicts of interest. For example, our professionals have an incentive to influence the allocation of an attractive investment opportunity to the fund in which they stand to personally earn the greatest return, although the involvement of a substantial number of professionals in our investment review process mitigates this. Some of our professionals also have personal investments in entities that are not affiliated with us, such as funds managed by other sponsors that may be competing for the same investment opportunities or acquire an investment from, or dispose of an investment to, one of our funds, which likewise gives rise to conflicts of interest. Because members of our senior leadership team own a significant economic interest in us primarily through other entities, conflicts of interest may arise between them and holders of shares of our Class A common stock or us. As of February 12, 2026, members of our senior leadership team indirectly own approximately 26% of the outstanding Common Units and, together with our other partners and professionals, the Promote Units. They hold substantially all of their economic interest in the TPG Operating Group primarily through TPG Partner Vehicles (rather than through ownership of shares of our Class A common stock), and for each Common Unit owned, they own one share of our Class B common stock. Further, GP LLC has, prior to the Sunset (as defined herein), the right to vote our Class B common stock and therefore holds the significant majority of the combined voting power of our common stock. As a result of their indirect economic interest in us, the members of our senior leadership team may have interests that do not align with, or that conflict with, those of the holders of Class A common stock or with us, and conflicts of interest may arise among such members of our senior leadership team, on the one hand, and us and/or the holders of our Class A common stock, on the other hand. For example, members of our senior leadership team have different tax positions from Class A common stockholders, which could influence their decisions regarding whether and when to dispose of assets, whether and when to incur new or refinance existing indebtedness, and whether and when we should terminate the Tax Receivable Agreement and accelerate the obligations thereunder. In addition, the structuring of future transactions and investments may take into consideration the members’ tax considerations even where no similar benefit would accrue to us. Pursuant to the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015, for tax years beginning after December 31, 2017, if the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) makes audit adjustments to the TPG Operating Group’s federal income tax returns, it may assess and collect any taxes (including any applicable penalties and interest) resulting from such audit adjustment directly from the TPG Operating Group partnership. If, as a result of any such audit adjustment, the TPG Operating Group partnership is required to make payments of taxes, penalties and interest, the partnership’s cash available for distributions to us may be substantially reduced. We have agreed with GP LLC that the TPG Operating Group partnership will not make any elections that would result in the IRS pursuing the partners of such partnerships for such taxes owed for periods ending on or prior to December 31, 2021 without consent of (i) a majority of the holders of Common Units and (ii) TPG Group Holdings. Certain of our funds employ special situation and distressed debt investment strategies that involve significant risks. Certain of our investment funds, in particular certain of our credit funds, invest in companies with weak financial conditions, poor operating results, substantial financial needs, negative net worth, special competitive problems and/or securities that are illiquid, distressed or have other high-risk features, including business entities contemplating or involved 50 Table of Contents in bankruptcy or other reorganization and liquidation proceedings. Some of these investments are bespoke instruments designed to assist these entities in avoiding bankruptcy or to facilitate out-of-court restructurings and thus may not be widely traded or have any recognized or observable market value. In any of these situations, it may be difficult to obtain complete, accurate information as to the exact financial and operating conditions of these companies, increasing the risks associated with such investments. Additionally, the fair values of these investments are subject to unanticipated, abrupt and erratic changes and market movements, and may be susceptible to significant price volatility if they are publicly traded securities and to significant uncertainty in general if they are not publicly traded securities. A fund’s exposure to any such investment may be substantial in relation to the relevant market for the investment, and therefore the assets are likely to be illiquid and difficult to sell or transfer. In addition, it is possible the market may never reflect what our funds believe to be the intrinsic value of an investment, or take a substantial period of time to do so, further complicating the ability to exit the investment. A central feature of our funds’ investment strategy is our ability to effectively anticipate the occurrence of certain corporate events, such as debt and/or equity offerings, restructurings, reorganizations, mergers, takeover offers and other transactions, that we believe will improve the condition of the business. Similarly, we perform significant analysis of a target’s capital structure, operations, industry and ability to generate income, as well as market valuation of the target and its debt, and develop a strategy with respect to a particular investment based on such analysis. In furtherance of that strategy our funds seek to identify the best position in the capital structure in which to invest. The success of any investment strategy will turn on, among other factors, whether the actual form, timing and outcome of a corporate event deviates from our expectations, or whether our analysis of a target or development of an investment strategy proves to be inaccurate. Such deviations or inaccuracies could result in a sharp decline in the market price and value of the applicable fund’s investment. In addition, these investments could subject a fund to certain potential liabilities that may exceed the value of its original investment. Under certain circumstances, payments or distributions received by a fund on certain investments may be subject to disgorgement if later determined to have been a fraudulent conveyance, a preferential payment or a similar transaction subject to revocation or rescission under applicable bankruptcy and insolvency laws. In addition, under certain circumstances, a lender that has inappropriately exercised control of the management and policies of a bankruptcy debtor may have its claims as a creditor subordinated or disallowed and may also be subject to claims brought by or on behalf of the debtor, other creditors or third parties for damages allegedly suffered as a result of the lender having exercised such control. In any case where we invest in the securities of a troubled company in conjunction with an attempt to influence a restructuring proposal or plan of reorganization in bankruptcy, our funds may become involved in substantial litigation, resulting in the incurrence of legal fees and expenses and the funds’ exposure to potential liability. Our real estate funds’ portfolio investments are subject to the risks inherent in the ownership and operation of real estate and real estate-related businesses and assets. Our real estate funds’ portfolio investments are subject to the risks inherent in the ownership and operation of real estate and real estate-related businesses and assets, including the deterioration of real estate fundamentals. These risks include those highlighted elsewhere as well as: • those associated with the burdens of ownership of real property; • changes in supply of and demand for competing properties in an area (e.g., as a result of overbuilding); • the financial resources of tenants; • changes in building, environmental, zoning and other laws, some of which could be applied retroactively; • changes in demand for commercial office properties; • changes in geographic markets, macroeconomic conditions, including volatile debt and equity markets, fluctuations in interest and foreign exchange rates and uncertain trade relations due to tariffs or otherwise, and evolving political and legislative oversight of real estate markets; • casualty or condemnation losses; • various uninsured or uninsurable risks; 51 Table of Contents • changes in the way real estate is occupied as a result of pandemics or other unforeseen events; • the reduced availability of mortgage funds, or other forms of financing, including construction financing which may render the sale or refinancing of properties difficult or impracticable; • increase in insurance premiums and changes to the insurance market; • environmental liabilities; • governmental investigations, litigation and other legal proceedings; • acts of god, natural disasters, pandemics, terrorist attacks, war and other factors that are beyond our control; and • dependence on local operating partners and/or management teams that manage our real estate investments. Our real estate funds’ portfolio investments will be subject to various risks that cause fluctuations in occupancy, rental rates, operating income and expenses or that render the sale or financing of the funds’ portfolio investment properties difficult or unattractive. For example, following the termination or expiration of a tenant’s lease, there could be a period of time before a fund’s portfolio investment will begin receiving rental payments under a replacement lease. During that period, the portfolio investments (and indirectly, the fund) will continue to bear fixed expenses such as interest, real estate taxes, maintenance and other operating expenses. In addition, declining economic conditions could impair the portfolio investment’s ability to attract replacement tenants and achieve rental rates at or above those paid under previous leases. Moreover, recent changes to visa and immigration rules and increased immigration enforcement may impact housing demand. Increased competition for tenants would require the portfolio investments to make capital improvements to properties that we would not otherwise have planned. Any unbudgeted capital improvements that a fund undertakes may divert cash that would otherwise be available for distribution to investors. To the extent that the portfolio investment is unable to renew leases or re-let spaces as leases expire, decreased cash flow from tenants will result, which would adversely impact the relevant fund’s returns. In addition, if our real estate funds’ portfolio investments acquire direct or indirect interests in undeveloped land or underdeveloped real property, which may often be non-income producing, they will be subject to the risks normally associated with such assets and development activities, including risks relating to the availability and timely receipt of zoning and other regulatory or environmental approvals, the cost and timely completion of construction (including risks beyond our or our funds’ control, such as weather or labor conditions or material shortages) and the availability of both construction and permanent financing on favorable terms. Our real estate funds may also from time to time make investments in residential real estate projects and/or otherwise participate in financing opportunities relating to residential real estate assets, which may be more highly susceptible to adverse changes in prevailing economic and/or market conditions and political and legislative oversight and present additional risks relative to the ownership and operation of commercial real estate assets. For example, in January 2026, the current U.S. President signed an Executive Order titled “Stopping Wall Street from Competing with Main Street Homebuyers.” The order seeks to limit large institutional investors’ (including private equity investors) participation in the single-family housing market, and, among other things, instructs the U.S. Department of Justice and the FTC to review substantial acquisitions by such investors of single-family homes for anti-competitive effects. The Executive Order and any related legislation that may be enacted could subject us to heightened government and regulatory scrutiny, regulatory enforcement action or lawsuits. The strategy of our real estate funds may be based, in part, on the availability for purchase of assets at favorable prices followed by the continuation or improvement of market conditions or on the availability of refinancing, and there can be no assurance that the real estate businesses or assets can be acquired or disposed of at favorable prices or that refinancing will be available. Further, the success of certain investments will depend on the ability to modify and effect improvements in the operations of the applicable properties, and there can be no assurance that we or our funds will be successful in identifying or implementing such modifications and improvements. Additionally, lenders in commercial real estate financing customarily require a “bad boy” guarantee, which typically provides that the lender can recover losses from the guarantors for certain bad acts, such as fraud or intentional misrepresentation, intentional waste, willful misconduct, criminal acts, misappropriation of funds, voluntary incurrence of prohibited debt and environmental losses sustained by lender. For our acquisitions, “bad boy” guarantees would generally be extended by our funds. “Bad boy” guarantees also typically provide that the loan will be a full personal recourse obligation of the guarantor for certain actions, such as prohibited transfers of the collateral or changes of control and 52 Table of Contents voluntary bankruptcy of the borrower. We expect that commercial real estate financing arrangements generally will require “bad boy” guarantees and, in the event that such a guarantee is called, a fund’s or our assets could be negatively impacted. Moreover, “bad boy” guarantees could apply to actions of the joint venture partners associated with the investments, and, in certain cases, the acts of such joint venture partner could result in liability to our funds or us under such guarantees. The acquisition, ownership and disposition of real properties carry certain specific litigation risks. Litigation may be commenced with respect to a property acquired in relation to activities that took place prior to the acquisition of such property. In addition, at the time of disposition, other potential buyers may bring claims related to the asset or for due diligence expenses or other damages. After the sale of a real estate asset, buyers may later sue our funds or us for losses associated with latent defects or other problems not uncovered in due diligence. We or our funds may also be subject to certain risks associated with investments in particular real estate-related assets. REITs may be affected by changes in the value of their underlying properties and defaults by borrowers or tenants, and changes in tax laws or a failure to qualify for tax-free pass through income could impair a REIT’s ability to generate cash flows to make distributions. Qualification as a REIT also depends on a REITs ability to meet various requirements imposed by the Code, which relate to organizational structure, diversity of stock ownership and certain restrictions with regard to the nature of their assets and the sources of their income. If a REIT fails to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, it will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at regular corporate rates, and applicable state and local taxes, which would reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to its stockholders. Investments in real estate debt investments may be unsecured and/or subordinated to a substantial amount of indebtedness and may not be protected by financial covenants. Non-performing real estate loans may require a substantial amount of workout negotiations and/or modification, which may entail, among other things, a substantial reduction in the interest rate and a substantial write-down of the principal of such loan. Investments in commercial mortgage loans are subject to risks of delinquency, foreclosure and loss of principal. In the event of any default under a mortgage loan held directly by us or one of our funds, we or our fund will bear a risk of loss of principal to the extent of any deficiency between the value of the collateral and the principal and accrued interest of the loan. Investments in distressed assets or businesses may have little or no near-term cash flow, involve a high degree of risk and, if subject to bankruptcy or insolvency, could be subordinated or disallowed. Our broker-dealer’s capital markets activities expose us to risks that, if they materialize, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. TPG Capital BD (and related entities) provides various capital markets services, including: • structuring and arranging merger and acquisition transactions and providing other related transaction advisory services; • structuring, executing and underwriting initial public offerings, follow-on primary offerings and secondary offerings (including “block trades”) and private placements of equity, debt and other securities; • structuring, sourcing, trading, executing, syndicating, underwriting and repurchasing high yield and other bonds, preferred securities, hybrid instruments, notes, loans, mortgages, sale leasebacks, receivables, asset-backed securities, other credit instruments and other financial instruments; • originating, structuring, arranging, syndicating, placing, providing and repurchasing loans, credit facilities, asset-based facilities, securitizations, acquisition financings, bridge financings, hedging and similar and other financial instruments and financial services, including where such instruments and financial services are in respect of, or subsequently acquired by, a TPG fund; • structuring and arranging amendments to existing securities, credit facilities and other instruments; • advising, negotiating, structuring and executing liability management transactions; • structuring and implementing interest rate, foreign exchange and other hedging or derivative strategies; • advising on, structuring, sourcing, arranging and executing transferable tax credit transactions or other transactions involving financial instruments; 53 Table of Contents • structuring and executing other similar transactions to finance fund acquisitions of a portfolio company or to enable a fund to monetize all or a portion of its interest in a portfolio company, including through the syndication of a continuation vehicle or an investment, recapitalization, refinancing, restructuring or other similar transactions; • structuring and executing financing, interim financing and certain “fronting” and “seasoning” transactions and syndications in respect of, or otherwise making investments that are intended to be of a temporary nature in, any portfolio company in which a fund invests or intends to invest; • providing other loan servicing, collateral agent, administrative agent and other similar services, such as loan sourcing, loan due diligence and general services or administration services relating to loan portfolios; • providing syndication services more generally, which we expect to include identifying potential third-party investors (including potential co-investors, syndicate participants and/or financing counterparties), transaction structuring to attract third-party investors and/or financing counterparties, preparing marketing materials, performing outreach, executing on a syndication and sell-down strategy, arranging financing and providing post-closing support (including in each case in situations where there may not ultimately be any allocation, syndication or sell-down to third-party investors or financing more generally); • providing strategic and capital markets advice with respect to any of the foregoing transactions; and • providing any other capital markets or other services that a third party may render to or with respect to a fund or an existing, prospective or former portfolio company and/or their affiliates or related entities. The capital markets services that TPG Capital BD (and related entities) provides continue to be an increasingly important source of revenue. The capital markets fees we receive are generally dependent on the frequency and volume of transactions by our funds and the companies in which they invest, which can fluctuate over time. A slowdown in capital market activity generally or in our investment or exit activity could adversely affect the amount of fees TPG Capital BD’s (and related entities’) business generates. In addition, as a result of TPG Capital BD’s (or related entities’) capital markets services, we could incur losses that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow, as well as our reputation. For example, we may incur significant losses to the extent that our counterparties fail to acquire or pay for the debt or equity securities or loans that we expected to sell, place or syndicate to them or are otherwise unable to dispose of any financial exposure that we incur at the prices that we anticipated or at all. TPG Capital BD’s capital markets activities also subject us to potential liability for, among other things, material misstatements or omissions in prospectuses and other offering documents in the United States and elsewhere, and for failure to provide certain disclosure documents or marketing securities to certain types of investors in the EU and the U.K. Further, the relationship between us and TPG Capital BD (or a related entity), on the one hand, and our funds and/or our funds’ portfolio companies, on the other hand, gives rise to conflicts of interest which could negatively impact our business. See “—Our activities and the business activities of certain of our personnel may give rise to conflicts of interest with our funds, and our failure to deal appropriately with conflicts of interest could damage our reputation and negatively impact our business.” Certain of our management agreements with investment vehicles that are publicly registered companies with the SEC are subject to limitation or termination, and any such termination could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. The agreements under which we provide management and other services to companies that raise capital through the public markets are renewable upon mutual consent of the parties for an unlimited number of successive one-year periods. In certain instances, these agreements may generally be terminated by such managed public company upon 60 days’ written notice for any reason, and expire on an annual basis, unless otherwise renewed. With respect to our management agreements with publicly traded vehicles, following an initial term, such agreements will automatically be renewed for successive one-year periods unless we or, in certain limited circumstances, the publicly traded vehicle, elect not to renew by providing 180 days prior written notice. There can be no assurance that these agreements will not expire or be terminated or not be renewed. Any such termination, expiration or non-renewal could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 54 Table of Contents Funds associated with our secondaries investment products are subject to additional risks. Funds associated with our secondaries investment products, including NewQuest and TGS, are subject to additional risks. Such funds have limited opportunity to control the day-to-day operation of its portfolio investments, including investment and disposition decisions, or to protect their position in portfolio investments, nor do they generally have the right to remove the managers thereof. The success of these funds is substantially dependent upon the capabilities and performance of the general partners who control those portfolio investments and the company management of the underlying portfolio companies, which could include representatives of other investors with whom such funds are not affiliated and whose interests may conflict with the interests of the funds. Although investors (such as our funds) in general partner-led and other structured secondary transactions typically retain enhanced governance and other rights (and may participate in the initial structuring and customization of a portfolio investment), once such a transaction is complete, the general partners will generally have broad discretion in structuring, negotiating, purchasing, financing, monitoring and eventually divesting the underlying portfolio companies. Further, should a general partner for any reason cease to participate in the management of the underlying portfolio companies, the performance of the relevant portfolio investment (and, consequently, our funds) could be adversely affected. Certain of our secondaries funds also invest or are authorized to invest in preferred, synthetic and/or other investments in management companies, general partners and similar entities that manage or advise other investment funds. Among the factors that we will typically consider in selecting such managing entities for investment is a record of strong financial performance. However, the past performance of any managing entity is not necessarily indicative of its future performance. There can be no assurance that a managing entity will achieve similar revenues or profits in the future. While we periodically meet with the management of managing entities in which our funds invest, and our funds may negotiate contractual terms requiring managing entities to periodically provide the funds with certain information, our funds generally do not have the opportunity to evaluate the specific strategies employed by the managing entities and their funds, and our funds do not have an active role in the managing entities’ day-to-day management. Movements in the global credit markets could adversely affect our funds’ credit investments and our CLO vehicles. Credit markets directly impact the valuations of, and risks associated with, our funds’ credit investments. For example, interest income earned from debt investments with floating interest rates typically increases if the applicable benchmark interest rate were to rise, and the reverse is generally true for declines in the applicable benchmark interest rate. However, during periods of rising interest rates, obligors of floating rate debt may become less able to pay their obligations, which could impair the value of their debt. Rising interest rates can also put pressure on an obligor’s cost of capital and its ability to acquire or to sell assets, to engage in refinancing or restructuring exercises and to raise capital and generate liquidity. To the extent rising interest rates create such pressure on companies in which our funds are invested, the value of and prospects of those investments could suffer negative consequences. For debt investments with fixed interest rates, changes in interest rates generally will also cause values to vary inversely to such changes, although any losses or gains would in most cases not be realized if the fixed rate debt is intended to be held to maturity. CLOs invest in loans or securities that are themselves highly leveraged investments in the underlying collateral, which increases both the opportunity for higher returns as well as the magnitude of losses compared to unlevered investments in the event of movements in interest rates. In addition to interest rate risks, our CLO vehicles are subject to credit, liquidity and other risks that may arise as a result of movements in global credit markets. For example, from time to time, liquidity in the credit markets contracts, sometimes significantly, resulting in an increase in credit spreads and a decline in the ratings, performance and market values of the leveraged loans in which our CLOs invest. Accordingly, our CLO funds are at greater risk of suffering losses. CLOs have also failed in the past and may in the future fail one or more of their “over-collateralization” tests. Market or other conditions that cause our CLOs to fail “over-collateralization” tests would decrease our cash flows and reduce the value of our investments. Our provision of products and services to insurance companies subjects us to a variety of risks and uncertainties. We expect to increasingly undertake initiatives to deliver to insurance companies investment products and strategies across asset classes, with a focus on investment grade asset based finance and direct lending. Our insurance initiatives include partial management of insurance companies’ general account or reinsurance assets pursuant to investment management agreements and similar arrangements. The success of these initiatives will depend in large part on further developing investment relationships with insurance company clients and maintaining existing asset management arrangements, such as our investment management relationship with and minority investment in Jackson Financial Inc. If we fail to deliver or originate high-performing products, strategies or assets that help our insurance company clients meet 55 Table of Contents long-term policyholder obligations, we may not be successful in retaining existing relationships, developing new ones or originating or selling capital-efficient assets or products. Such failure may have a material adverse effect on our business, results and financial condition. The U.S. and non-U.S. insurance industries are subject to significant regulatory oversight. Regulatory authorities in the United States have broad regulatory (including through certain regulatory support organizations), administrative and in some cases discretionary authority with respect to insurance companies and/or their investment advisors, which may include, among other things, the investments insurance companies may acquire and hold, marketing practices, affiliate transactions, reserve requirements, capital treatment and adequacy and admissibility of assets and investments. Insurance regulatory authorities regularly review and update these and other requirements. These requirements are primarily concerned with the protection of policyholders, and regulatory authorities often have wide discretion in applying the relevant restrictions and regulations to insurance companies, which may indirectly affect us. We may be the target or subject of, or may have indemnification obligations related to, litigation (including class action litigation by policyholders), enforcement investigations or regulatory scrutiny. Regulators and other authorities generally have the power to bring administrative or judicial proceedings against insurance companies, which could result in, among other things, suspension or revocation of licenses, cease-and-desist orders, fines, civil penalties, criminal penalties or other disciplinary action. To the extent we are involved in such regulatory actions, our reputation could be harmed, we may become liable for indemnification obligations and we could potentially be subject to enforcement actions, fines and penalties. Insurance regulatory authorities and regulatory support organizations continue to scrutinize alternative asset managers’ involvement in the insurance industry, including with respect to the ownership by such managers or their affiliated funds of, and the management of assets on behalf of, insurance companies. For example, insurance regulators and standard-setting and regulatory support organizations like the National Association of Insurance Commissioners (“NAIC”) have increasingly focused on the terms and structure of investment management agreements. This has included focus on whether such agreements are at arms’ length, establish a control relationship with the insurance company, grant the asset manager excessive authority or oversight over the investment strategy of the insurance company or provide for management fees that are not fair and reasonable or termination provisions that make it overly difficult or costly for the insurer to terminate the agreement. Non-U.S. regulators (including in Europe, Asia-Pacific, Bermuda and the Cayman Islands, among others) and the International Association of Insurance Supervisors, an international insurance standard-setting organization comprised of over 200 jurisdictions, have similarly focused on each of these topics. Regulators have also increasingly focused on the risk profile of certain investments held by insurance companies (including structured credit assets such as CLOs), appropriateness of investment ratings and potential conflicts of interest, including affiliated investments, and potential misalignment of incentives and any potential risks from these and other aspects of an insurance company’s relationship with alternative asset managers that may impact the insurance company’s risk profile. This enhanced scrutiny may increase the risk of regulatory actions involving us and could result in new or amended regulations that limit our ability, or make it more burdensome or costly, to enter into new, or maintain existing, investment management agreements with insurance companies and thereby grow our insurance solutions business. Some of the arrangements we have or will develop with insurance companies may involve complex U.S. and non-U.S. tax structures for which no clear precedent or authority may be available. Such structures may be subject to potential regulatory, legislative, judicial or administrative change or scrutiny and differing interpretations and any adverse changes, scrutiny or interpretations may result in substantial costs to insurance companies or us. Insurance company investment portfolios are often subject to internal and regulatory requirements governing the categories and ratings of investment products and assets they may acquire and hold. Many of the investment products and strategies we originate or develop for, or other assets or investments we include in, insurance company portfolios will be rated and a ratings downgrade or any other negative action by a rating agency or the NAIC’s Securities Valuation Office (“SVO”), as applicable, with respect to such products, assets or investments could make them less attractive and limit our ability to offer such products to, or invest or deploy capital on behalf of, insurers. Furthermore, insurance companies are subject to certain minimum capital and surplus requirements that vary by the jurisdiction where the insurance company is domiciled and are generally subject to change over time (as discussed in more detail below). In the United States, our insurance company clients are subject to risk-based capital (“RBC”) standards and other minimum capital and surplus requirements imposed by state laws. The RBC standards are based upon the Risk-Based Capital for Insurers Model Act promulgated by the NAIC, as adopted by applicable clients’ insurance regulators. 56 Table of Contents New statutory accounting guidance or changes or clarifications in interpretations of existing guidance may adversely impact our ability to originate, or invest in, appropriate assets on behalf of our insurance company clients or cause our clients to increase their required capital in respect of such assets, thus making such assets less attractive to insurers, which may adversely affect our business. Certain proposals or exposure drafts released by insurance regulatory authorities, the NAIC or the SVO may result in changes to the risk-based capital treatment and/or ratings or re-ratings processes of certain assets or investments that are, or may be, held by our insurance company clients. For example, in 2024, the NAIC increased the applicable capital charge of residual tranches or equity securities of asset-based securitizations from 30% to 45% in respect of life insurers. Any similar increase in the applicable RBC charge of such assets could potentially make such assets or investments less attractive to insurers and limit our ability to originate, or invest in, such assets on behalf of insurers. Misconduct, fraud or other deceptive practices of our employees, advisors or third-party service providers or our funds’ portfolio companies could subject us to significant legal liability, regulatory scrutiny and reputational harm and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. Our reputation is critical to maintaining and developing relationships with existing and prospective investors, potential purchasers or sellers of fund investments, potential fund investors and other third parties with whom we do business, and there is a risk that our employees, advisers or third-party service providers could engage in misconduct or fraud that creates legal exposure for us or reputational harm and thus negatively impacts our business. Employee misconduct or fraud could include, among other things, binding our funds to transactions that exceed authorized limits or present unacceptable risks, concealing unsuccessful investments (which could result in unknown and unmanaged risks or losses) or otherwise charging, or seeking to charge, inappropriate expenses or misappropriating or misdirecting funds belonging to the Company or our funds. If an employee were to engage in illegal or suspicious activities, we could be subject to penalties or sanctions and suffer serious harm to our reputation, financial position, investor relationships and ability to attract future investors. For example, we could lose our ability to raise new funds if any of our “covered persons” is the subject of a criminal, regulatory or court order or other “disqualifying event.” In addition, if any of our employees, consultants or service providers, or those of our funds’ portfolio companies, become subject to allegations of sexual harassment, racial or gender discrimination or other similar misconduct, such allegations could, regardless of the ultimate outcome, result in negative publicity that could significantly harm our, and such portfolio company’s, brand and reputation. Similarly, allegations of employee misconduct could affect our reputation and ability to raise funds even if the allegations pertain to activities not related to our business and/or are ultimately unsubstantiated. Further, our business often requires that we deal with confidential matters of great significance to us, our funds and companies in which our funds may invest, as well as trade secrets. If any of our employees, consultants or service providers were to improperly use or disclose confidential information, we could suffer serious harm to our reputation, financial position and current and future business relationships as well as face potentially significant litigation or investigation. It is not always possible to deter misconduct or fraud by employees, consultants or service providers, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in all cases. Misconduct or fraud by any of our employees, consultants or service providers, or even unsubstantiated allegations of misconduct or fraud, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow, as well as our reputation. Fraud, payment or solicitation of bribes and other deceptive practices or other misconduct at our funds’ portfolio companies could similarly have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow, as well as our reputation. For example, failures by personnel of our funds’ portfolio companies, or individuals acting on behalf of such portfolio companies, to comply with anti-bribery, sanctions or other legal and regulatory requirements could negatively impact the valuation of a fund’s investments or harm our reputation. In addition, there are a number of grounds upon which such misconduct at a portfolio company could subject us to criminal and/or civil liability, including on the basis of actual knowledge, willful blindness or control person liability. Pending and future litigation could result in significant liabilities and reputational harm, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. From time to time, we are involved in litigation and claims incidental to the conduct of our business. Our business is also subject to extensive regulation, which may result in regulatory proceedings against us. In recent years, the volume of claims and the amount of potential damages claimed in such proceedings against the financial services industry have generally been increasing. The activities of our business, including the investment decisions we make and the activities of our employees in connection with our funds, portfolio companies or other investment vehicles may subject us and them to 57 Table of Contents the risk of litigation by third parties, including fund investors dissatisfied with the performance or management of our funds, holders of our or our funds’ portfolio companies’ debt or equity and a variety of other potential litigants. For example, we, our funds and certain of our employees are each exposed to the risks of litigation relating to investment activities of our funds and actions taken by the officers and directors (some of whom may be TPG employees) of portfolio companies, such as lawsuits by other stockholders of our public portfolio companies or holders of debt instruments of companies in which we or our funds have significant investments, including securities class action lawsuits by stockholders, as well as class action lawsuits that challenge our acquisition transactions and/or attempt to enjoin them. We may from time to time be involved in litigation or other proceedings relating to our credit investment activities, including claims by borrowers, investors, lenders or other counterparties alleging breaches of contract, fiduciary duties or applicable law, particularly in the context of borrower financial distress (e.g., bankruptcy or restructuring). As an additional example, we are sometimes listed as a co-defendant in actions against portfolio companies on the theory that we control such portfolio companies or based upon allegations that we improperly exercised control or influence over portfolio investments. We may suffer losses as a result of a variety of claims, including claims related to securities, antitrust, contracts, environmental, pension, fraud and various other potential claims, whether or not such claims are valid. We are also exposed to risks of litigation, investigation or negative publicity in the event of any transactions that are alleged not to have been properly considered and approved under applicable law or where transactions presented conflicts of interest that are alleged not to have been properly addressed. See “—Our activities and the business activities of certain of our personnel may give rise to conflicts of interest with our funds, and our failure to deal appropriately with conflicts of interest could damage our reputation and negatively impact our business.” The activities of our broker-dealer may also subject us to the risk of liabilities to our clients and third parties, under securities or other laws in connection with transactions in which we participate. See Note 16, “Commitments and Contingencies,” to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of a particular matter which we believe to be without merit but in which large nominal damages have been claimed against us as a party. Further, the laws and regulations governing the limited liability of issuers and portfolio companies vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, and in certain contexts the laws of certain jurisdictions may provide not only for carve-outs from limited liability protection for the issuer or portfolio company that has incurred the liabilities, but also for recourse to assets of other entities under common control with, or that are part of the same economic group as, such issuer. For example, if one of our funds’ portfolio companies is subject to bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings in certain jurisdictions and is found to have liabilities under the local consumer protection, labor, environmental, tax or bankruptcy laws, the laws of that jurisdiction may permit authorities or creditors to file a lien on, or to otherwise have recourse to, assets held by other portfolio companies or the sponsor itself in that jurisdiction. The foregoing risks could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. In addition, with a workforce composed of many highly paid professionals, we also face the risk of litigation relating to claims for compensation or other damages, which may be significant in amount. Such claims are more likely to occur in situations where individual employees may experience significant volatility in their year-to-year compensation due to fund performance or other issues and in situations where previously highly compensated employees were terminated for performance or efficiency reasons. The cost of settling such claims could negatively impact our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. Investors in our funds do not have legal remedies against us solely based on their dissatisfaction with the investment performance of such funds. However, investors may have remedies against us, the general partners of our funds, our funds, our employees, or our affiliates to the extent any losses result from fraud, negligence, willful misconduct or other alleged malfeasance. While the general partners of our funds, our funds, our employees and our affiliates are typically insured and are generally indemnified to the fullest extent permitted by law with respect to their conduct in connection with the management of the business and affairs of our funds, such indemnity does not extend to actions determined to have involved fraud, gross negligence, willful misconduct or other similar misconduct. Defending against litigation could be costly. Such litigation costs may not be recoverable from insurance or other indemnification. Additionally, we may not be able to obtain or maintain sufficient insurance on commercially reasonable terms or with adequate coverage levels against potential liabilities we may face in connection with potential claims. Insurance and other safeguards might only partially reimburse us for our losses, if at all, and if a claim is successful and exceeds or is not covered by our insurance policies, we may be required to pay a substantial amount in respect of such claim. If we are required to incur all or a portion of the costs arising out of litigation or regulatory inquiry or action as a result of inadequate insurance proceeds or failure to obtain indemnification from our funds, our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity could be materially adversely affected. Certain losses of a catastrophic nature, such as wars, earthquakes, typhoons, floods, tsunamis, fires, terrorist attacks, pandemics, health crises or other similar events, may 58 Table of Contents be uninsurable or may only be insurable at rates that are so high that maintaining coverage would cause an adverse impact on our business, our funds and their portfolio companies. In general, losses related to terrorism and cyber incidents are becoming harder and more expensive to insure against. Some insurers are excluding terrorism coverage from their all-risk policies or offering significantly limited coverage against terrorist acts for additional premiums, which can greatly increase the total cost of casualty insurance for a property. As a result, we, our funds and their portfolio companies may not be insured against certain catastrophic losses. If any litigation or regulatory actions were brought against us and resulted in a finding of substantial legal liability, that result could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition or cause significant reputational harm to us, which could materially impact our business. Furthermore, the current rise of populist political movements has generated and may continue to generate a growing negative public sentiment toward globalization, free trade, capitalism and financial institutions, which could lead to heightened public and regulatory scrutiny and criticisms of our business and our investments. See “—Risks Related to Our Industry—Extensive regulation of our businesses affects our activities and creates the potential for significant liabilities and penalties. Increased regulatory focus on the alternative asset industry or legislative or regulatory changes could result in additional burdens and expenses on our business.” The risk of reputational harm is elevated by the prevalence of internet and social media usage and the increased public focus on behaviors and externalities of business activities. For example, regulators and other stakeholders have increasingly expressed or pursued opposing views, legislation and investment expectations with respect to sustainability and DEI initiatives, including the enactment or proposal of “anti-ESG” and “anti-DEI” legislation or policies and engaging in related investigation and litigation. If we are unable to successfully meet or manage the evolving expectations of our fund investors and other stakeholders, stakeholder trust may erode, our reputation may be harmed and we may be exposed to the risk of litigation, investigation or other regulatory action by federal or state authorities. See “—Sustainability-related compliance and reporting may result in increased compliance costs, litigation or enforcement actions, reputational harm, irreconcilable inconsistencies across jurisdictions and/or some investors not investing in or seeking to exit our funds.” We depend to a large extent on our business relationships and our reputation. As a result, allegations of improper conduct made by private litigants (including investors in or alongside our funds), regulators or employees, whether the ultimate outcome is favorable or unfavorable to us, as well as negative publicity and press speculation about us, our investment activities, our lines of business, our workplace environment or the private equity industry in general, whether or not valid, may harm our reputation, which may be more damaging to our business than it would be to other types of businesses. Contingent liabilities could harm the performance of our funds. Our funds may acquire an investment that is subject to contingent liabilities. Such contingent liabilities could be unknown to us at the time of acquisition or, if they are known to us, we may not accurately assess or protect against the risks that they present. Acquired contingent liabilities could thus result in unforeseen losses for our funds. Additionally, in connection with the disposition of an investment in a company, a fund may be required to make representations about the business and financial affairs of such company typical of those made in connection with the sale of a business. A fund may also be required to indemnify the purchasers of such investment to the extent that any such representations are inaccurate. These arrangements may result in the incurrence of contingent liabilities by a fund, even after the disposition of an investment. Although our funds typically obtain representations and warranties insurance, the inaccuracy of representations and warranties made by a fund could harm such fund’s performance. The clawback provisions in our governing agreements may give rise to contingent obligations that may require us to return amounts to our funds and fund investors. In certain circumstances, we are required to return previously distributed performance allocations. The partnership documents governing our funds generally include a clawback provision that, if triggered, requires us to return distributions of performance allocations to the fund for distribution to fund investors. Pursuant to a clawback provision, upon the liquidation of a fund, the general partner must return previously distributed performance allocations to the extent that the aggregate lifetime performance of the fund resulted in these previous distributions having exceeded the amount that the general partner was ultimately entitled to under the terms of the fund’s partnership documents. Historically, we distribute performance allocations received by us to their ultimate recipients (our professionals and investors) within the year that we receive them. Therefore, if a subsequent clawback occurs, we will no longer be holding the performance allocations initially paid to us. In addition, for certain of our more recent funds and our expected future funds, we or one of our subsidiaries have and will guarantee 100% of any clawback obligations. 59 Table of Contents Many of our funds include a segregated reserve account funded by a percentage of performance allocations otherwise distributable to us (typically 10% or less). Although certain performance allocations are subject to return to us by their ultimate recipients upon the occurrence of a clawback event, others are not and we may be unable to obtain return of others. For example, we do not anticipate being entitled to recover performance allocations distributed through our performance allocation pool program from their ultimate recipients. There can be no assurances that the amounts in related segregated reserve accounts will be sufficient to satisfy our clawback obligations, or that we will be willing, able or entitled to recover amounts sufficient from the ultimate recipients of the performance allocations to satisfy our clawback obligations in full. We will bear the loss from our clawback obligations (reduced only by the amounts in the relevant segregated reserve account and amounts recovered from the ultimate recipients of the relevant performance allocations, if any). In addition, certain of our funds include interim clawback provisions that may give rise to clawback payment obligations prior to the liquidation of the fund. An interim clawback provision typically requires the general partner of a fund to determine, as of a particular date, such as the end of the sixth full fiscal year following the fund’s closing date, the amount, if any, of its interim clawback obligations with respect to each limited partner. To the extent an interim clawback obligation exists with respect to any limited partner, the general partner would have a period of time to return previously distributed performance allocation. During this period, amounts that would otherwise be distributed as performance allocations to the general partner in respect of such limited partner will instead be distributed to such limited partner to the extent necessary to satisfy such interim clawback obligation, and any increases in the value of the fund’s portfolio will reduce the amount of such interim clawback obligation. Failure to timely satisfy an interim clawback obligation would typically result in the suspension of management fees paid to us. As of December 31, 2025, $7.9 million of performance allocations were subject to this clawback obligation, assuming that all applicable funds and investments were liquidated at their current unrealized fair values as of December 31, 2025. Had the investments in these funds been liquidated at zero value, the clawback obligation would have been approximately $2,456.5 million. Since inception, our historical funds have returned $80.3 million in distributions of performance allocations pursuant to our clawback obligations, which were funded primarily through collection of partner receivables related to clawback obligations. Risks Related to Our Organizational Structure If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting or comply with the rules that apply to public companies, including Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we could be subject to sanctions or other penalties that would harm our business. Pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the “Sarbanes-Oxley Act”), we are required to conduct annual assessments on, among other things, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. These assessments require disclosure of any material weaknesses identified in our internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of a company’s annual and interim financial statements will not be detected or prevented on a timely basis. Despite our efforts, there is a risk that we will not be able to always conclude, within the prescribed timeframe or at all, that our internal control over financial reporting is effective as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. If we identify one or more material weaknesses, it could result in an adverse reaction in the financial markets due to a loss of confidence in the reliability of our financial statements. During the course of our review and testing, we may also identify deficiencies and be unable to remediate them before we must provide the required reports. Furthermore, if we have a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, we may not detect errors on a timely basis and our financial statements may be materially misstated. We or our independent registered public accounting firm may not be able to conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal control over financial reporting, which could harm our operating results, cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information and cause the trading price of our stock to decline. In addition, as a public company we are required to file accurate and timely quarterly and annual reports with the SEC under the Exchange Act. Any failure to report our financial results on an accurate and timely basis could result in sanctions, lawsuits, delisting of our common stock from Nasdaq or other adverse consequences that would materially harm our business and reputation. 60 Table of Contents As a result of disclosure of information as a public company, our business and financial condition are visible, which may result in threatened or actual litigation, including by stockholders and competitors and other third parties. If the claims are successful, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Even if the claims do not result in litigation or are resolved in our favor, these claims, and the time and resources necessary to resolve them, could divert the resources of our management and adversely affect our business operations and financial results. We are a “controlled company” within the meaning of Nasdaq listing standards and, as a result, until the Sunset, will qualify for, and intend to rely on, exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. Our stockholders do not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to such requirements, and you will have limited voting power compared to holders of our Class B common stock. Holders of our Class B common stock control a majority of the voting power of our outstanding common stock by virtue of their ownership of Class B common stock. Prior to the Sunset and for so long as the shares of Class B common stock represent at least 9.1% of all of the outstanding shares of our common stock, the Class B stockholders hold a majority of our outstanding voting power by virtue of their ownership of Class B common stock, and GP LLC, as the owner of the general partners of TPG Group Holdings and the Alabama Partnerships and as the holder of voting power over the shares of Class B common stock held by other entities, controls the outcome of matters submitted to a stockholder vote prior to the Sunset, including the appointment of all company directors. As a result of the voting power exercised by GP LLC, we qualify as a “controlled company” within the meaning of Nasdaq’s corporate governance standards. Under these rules, a listed company of which more than 50% of the voting power is held by an individual, group or another company is a “controlled company” and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including that (i) a majority of our board of directors consist of independent directors, (ii) director nominees be selected or recommended to the board by independent directors or an independent nominating committee and (iii) we have a compensation committee that is composed entirely of independent directors. We rely on some or all of these exemptions and expect to continue to do so. As a result, we will not have a majority of independent directors, our directors will not be nominated or selected by independent directors and most compensation decisions will not be made by an independent compensation committee. Accordingly, our stockholders do not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of Nasdaq’s corporate governance requirements. After the Sunset becomes effective, the Class B common stock will have one vote per share instead of ten votes per share, and control over the voting of Class B common stock will be passed through to the individual partners of TPG Partner Holdings and the Alabama Partnerships and to the other entities holding shares of Class B common stock. Accordingly, GP LLC will no longer control the appointment of directors or be able to direct the vote on all matters that are submitted to our stockholders for a vote. We are a holding company and our only material asset is our interest in the TPG Operating Group, and we are accordingly dependent upon distributions from the TPG Operating Group to pay taxes, make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement and pay dividends. We are a holding company and have no material assets other than our indirect ownership of Common Units representing approximately 41% of the Common Units as of December 31, 2025 and 100% of the interests in certain intermediate holding companies. As such, we have no independent means of generating revenue or cash flow, and our ability to pay our taxes and operating expenses, including to satisfy our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement, or declare and pay dividends in the future, depends upon the results of operations and cash flows of the TPG Operating Group and its consolidated subsidiaries and distributions we receive from the TPG Operating Group. Deterioration in the financial condition, earnings or cash flows of the TPG Operating Group and its subsidiaries for any reason could limit or impair its ability to pay such distributions. Additionally, to the extent that we need funds, and the TPG Operating Group is restricted from making such distributions under applicable law or regulation or under the terms of our financing arrangements, or is otherwise unable to provide such funds, such restriction could materially adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition. We anticipate that the TPG Operating Group partnership will be treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes and, as such, generally will not be subject to any entity-level U.S. federal income tax (except potentially in the case of an IRS audit). Instead, taxable income will be allocated to holders of Common Units, including us. Accordingly, we will be required to pay income taxes on our allocable share of any net taxable income of the TPG Operating Group partnership. However, under certain rules, the TPG Operating Group partnership (or other subsidiary partnership) may be liable in the event of an adjustment by the IRS to the tax return of the TPG Operating Group partnership (or subsidiary 61 Table of Contents partnership), absent an election to the contrary (including an election to “push out” the liability to the partners in the year being audited). The TPG Operating Group may be subject to material liabilities under these rules and related guidance if, for example, its calculations of taxable income are incorrect (including for years prior to the admission of us to the TPG Operating Group partnership). Further any “push out” election will require consent of (i) a majority of the holders of Common Units and (ii) TPG Group Holdings for the tax periods ending on or prior to December 31, 2021. Under the terms of the TPG Operating Group’s limited partnership agreement (the “Limited Partnership Agreement”), the TPG Operating Group partnership is generally obligated to make tax distributions to holders of Common Units (including us) at certain assumed tax rates for taxable periods (or portions thereof). These tax distributions may in certain periods exceed our tax liabilities and obligations to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. Our board of directors and, until the Sunset, our Executive Committee, in their sole discretion, will make any determination from time to time with respect to the use of any such excess cash so accumulated, which may include, among other uses, paying dividends, which may include special dividends, on its Class A common stock and nonvoting Class A common stock. We have no obligation to distribute such cash (or other available cash other than any declared dividend) to our stockholders. To the extent that we do not distribute such excess cash as dividends on our Class A common stock and nonvoting Class A common stock or otherwise undertake ameliorative actions between Common Units and shares of Class A common stock and nonvoting Class A common stock and instead, for example, hold such cash balances, the direct owners of Common Units may benefit from any value attributable to such cash balances as a result of their ownership of Class A common stock and nonvoting Class A common stock following a redemption or exchange of their Common Units, notwithstanding that such pre-IPO owners of the TPG Operating Group may previously have participated as holders of Common Units in distributions by the TPG Operating Group that resulted in our excess cash balances. Our current intention is to pay holders of our Class A common stock and nonvoting Class A common stock a quarterly dividend representing at least 85% of TPG Inc.’s share of distributable earnings (“DE”) attributable to the TPG Operating Group, subject to adjustment as determined by the our board of directors and, until the Sunset, our Executive Committee, to be necessary or appropriate to provide for the conduct of our business, to make appropriate investments in our business and funds, to comply with applicable law, any of our debt instruments or other agreements, or to provide for future cash requirements such as tax-related payments and clawback obligations. Although we expect to pay at least 85% of our DE as a dividend, the percentage of our DE paid out as a dividend could fall below that target minimum. All of the foregoing is subject to the further qualification that the declaration and payment of any dividends are at the sole discretion of our board of directors and, until the Sunset, our Executive Committee and the board of directors and Executive Committee may change our dividend policy at any time, including, without limitation, to reduce such dividends or even to eliminate such dividends entirely. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of our board of directors and, until the Sunset, our Executive Committee after taking into account various factors, including our business, operating results and financial condition, current and anticipated cash needs, plans for expansion and any legal or contractual limitations on our ability to pay dividends. Certain of our existing credit facilities include, and any financing arrangement that we enter into in the future may include restrictive covenants that limit our ability to pay dividends. In addition, the TPG Operating Group is generally prohibited under Delaware law from making a distribution to a limited partner to the extent that, at the time of the distribution, after giving effect to the distribution, liabilities of the TPG Operating Group (with certain exceptions) exceed the fair value of its assets. Subsidiaries of the TPG Operating Group are generally subject to similar legal limitations on their ability to make distributions to the TPG Operating Group. See “—We may continue to pay dividends to our stockholders, but our ability to do so is subject to the discretion of our board of directors and may be limited by our holding company structure and applicable provisions of Delaware law.” If we are deemed an “investment company” subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act as a result of our ownership of the TPG Operating Group, applicable restrictions could make it impractical for us to continue our business as contemplated and could have a material adverse effect on our business. An issuer will generally be deemed to be an “investment company” for purposes of the Investment Company Act if: • it is or holds itself out as being engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities; or • absent an applicable exemption, it owns or proposes to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding 40% of the value of its total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. 62 Table of Contents We regard ourselves as an alternative asset management firm. We believe that we are engaged primarily in the business of providing asset management services and not in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities. We also believe that the primary source of income from each of our businesses is properly characterized as income earned in exchange for the provision of services. We hold ourselves out as an alternative asset management firm and do not propose to engage primarily in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities. The Investment Company Act and the rules thereunder contain detailed parameters for the organization and operations of investment companies. Among other things, the Investment Company Act and the rules thereunder limit or prohibit transactions with affiliates, impose limitations on the issuance of debt and equity securities, prohibit the issuance of stock options and impose certain governance requirements. We intend to conduct our operations so that TPG Inc. will not be deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, which may cause us to • restrict our business and that of our subsidiaries with respect to the assets in which we can invest and/or the types of securities we may issue; • sell investment securities, including on unfavorable terms; • acquire assets or businesses that could change the nature of our business; or • potentially take other actions that may be viewed as adverse by the holders of our Class A common stock or nonvoting Class A common stock in order to ensure conformity with exceptions provided by, and rules and regulations promulgated under, the Investment Company Act. However, if anything were to happen that would cause TPG Inc. to be deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, requirements imposed by the Investment Company Act, including limitations on our capital structure, ability to transact business with affiliates and ability to compensate key employees, could make it impractical for us to continue our business as currently conducted, impair the agreements and arrangements between and among the TPG Operating Group, us or our senior leadership team, or any combination thereof, and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. See “Item 1. Business—Regulation and Compliance—United States—Regulation Under the Investment Company Act.” A change of control of our company could result in an assignment of our investment advisory agreements. Under the Advisers Act, each of the investment advisory agreements for the funds and other accounts we manage now or in the future must provide that it may not be assigned without the consent of the particular fund or other client. An assignment may occur under the Advisers Act if, among other things, our subsidiaries that are registered as investment advisers undergo a change of control. After the Sunset becomes effective, the Class B common stock will have one vote per share instead of ten votes per share, and control over the voting of Class B common stock will be passed through to the individual partners of TPG Partner Holdings and the Alabama Partnerships and to the other entities holding shares of Class B common stock. Accordingly, GP LLC will no longer control the appointment of directors or be able to direct the vote on all matters that are submitted to our stockholders for a vote. While we do not believe that the Sunset will result in an assignment under the Advisers Act, there can be no assurance that the SEC or a court would agree. Furthermore, if a third party acquired a sufficient number of shares to be able, alone or with others, to control the appointment of directors and other matters submitted to our stockholders for a vote, it could be deemed a change of control of our subsidiaries that are registered as investment advisers, and thus an assignment. If such an assignment occurs, we cannot be certain that our subsidiaries that are registered as investment advisers will be able to obtain the necessary consents from our funds and other clients, which could cause us to lose the management fees and performance allocations we earn from such funds and other clients. The disparity in the voting rights among the classes of our common stock and inability of the holders of our Class A common stock to influence decisions submitted to a vote of our stockholders may have an adverse effect on the price of our Class A common stock. Holders of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock will generally vote together as a single class on almost all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders. Shares of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock entitle the respective holders to identical non-economic rights, except that each share of our Class A common stock entitles its holder to one vote on all matters to be voted on by stockholders generally, while each share of our Class B common stock entitles its holder to ten votes until the Sunset becomes effective; provided that, prior to the Sunset, shares of “Free 63 Table of Contents Float” (as defined under the rules of FTSE Russell relating to the Russell indices) Class A common stock are entitled to at least 5.1% of the aggregate voting power (the “Free Float Threshold”) and the voting power of the Class B common stock will be reduced proportionately until the Free Float Threshold is met. After the Sunset becomes effective, each share of our Class B common stock will entitle its holder to one vote, and GP LLC will no longer control the vote of all shares of Class B common stock. Prior to the Sunset, GP LLC will exercise control over all matters requiring the approval of our stockholders, including the election of our directors and members of our Executive Committee and the approval of significant corporate transactions. After the Sunset becomes effective, the control over the votes of TPG Partner Holdings and the Alabama Partnerships will be passed through to the individual partners of TPG Partner Holdings and the Alabama Partnerships, and GP LLC will no longer control the vote of the other entities holding shares of Class B common stock. The difference in voting rights could adversely affect the value of our Class A common stock to the extent that investors view, or any potential future purchaser of our company views, the superior voting rights and implicit control of the Class B common stock to have value. We may continue to pay dividends to our stockholders, but our ability to do so is subject to the discretion of our board of directors and may be limited by our holding company structure and applicable provisions of Delaware law. Subject to funds being legally available, we intend to continue to cause the TPG Operating Group partnership to make pro rata cash distributions to holders of Common Units, including us, that will enable us, when combined with the tax distributions we receive, to pay our taxes, make all payments required under the Tax Receivable Agreement and pay other expenses. Our current intention is to pay holders of our Class A common stock and nonvoting Class A common stock a quarterly dividend representing at least 85% of TPG Inc.’s share of DE attributable to the TPG Operating Group, subject to adjustment as determined by the Executive Committee or our board of directors to be necessary or appropriate to provide for the conduct of our business, to make appropriate investments in our business and funds, to comply with applicable law, any of our debt instruments or other agreements, or to provide for future cash requirements such as tax-related payments and clawback obligations. Although we expect to pay at least 85% of our DE as a dividend, the percentage of our DE paid out as a dividend could fall below that target minimum. The declaration and payment by us of any future dividends to holders of our Class A common stock is at the sole discretion of our Executive Committee or our board of directors until the Sunset, and then by the board of directors after the Sunset. However, the ability of the TPG Operating Group to make such distributions to us is subject to its operating results, cash requirements and financial condition. Our ability to declare and pay dividends to our stockholders is likewise subject to Delaware law (which may limit the amount of funds available for dividends). If, as a consequence of these various limitations and restrictions, we are unable to generate sufficient distributions from our business, we may not be able to make, or may be required to reduce or eliminate, any payment of dividends on our Class A common stock and nonvoting Class A common stock. Our share price may decline due to the large number of shares eligible for sale. The market price of our Class A common stock could decline as a result of sales of a large number of shares of Class A common stock in the market or the perception that such sales could occur. These sales, or the possibility that these sales may occur, also might make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities in the future at a time and at a price that we deem appropriate. As of December 31, 2025, we have outstanding 146,507,998 shares of voting Class A common stock and 6,605,963 shares of nonvoting Class A common stock and 224,331,812 shares of Class A common stock that are authorized but unissued that are issuable upon exchange of 224,331,812 Common Units. Pursuant to the A&R Investor Rights Agreement (as defined herein), our partners, the TPG Partner Vehicles and pre-IPO investors, including certain sovereign wealth funds, other institutional investors and certain other parties that entered into a strategic relationship with us prior to the Reorganization (collectively, “Pre-IPO Investors”), were restricted from transferring or exchanging their Class A common stock, Class B common stock or Common Units, as applicable, prior to the IPO’s second anniversary. Between the IPO’s second and third anniversary, the TPG Partner Vehicles and the TPG partners were able to transfer or exchange up to 33.33% of their Class A common stock, or any shares of Class B common stock or any Common Units, owned as of the IPO’s closing, as applicable; between the IPO’s third and fourth anniversary, the TPG Partner Vehicles and the TPG partners were able to transfer or exchange up to 66.66% of their original holdings of Class A common stock, or any shares of Class B common stock or any Common Units, owned as of the IPO’s closing, as applicable; and after the IPO’s fourth anniversary, the TPG Partner Vehicles and the TPG partners may transfer or exchange up to 100% of their Class A common stock, or any shares of Class B common stock or any Common Units, as applicable (in each case, with respect to Common Units, subject to the terms of the A&R Exchange Agreement (as defined herein)). Upon an exchange of Common Units for Class A common stock, pursuant to the A&R Exchange Agreement, an equal number of Class B common stock will be cancelled for no additional consideration. The foregoing restrictions were subject to customary exceptions, including with respect to certain existing pledges and 64 Table of Contents assignments of distributions from the TPG Operating Group and for transfers to related parties and charitable organizations. Pursuant to the A&R Investor Rights Agreement, the API Feeder Partnerships and API partners were restricted from transferring or exchanging any Class A common stock, Class B common stock or Common Units prior to the first anniversary of the closing of the Angelo Gordon Acquisition (as defined herein) (the “Closing”). Between the Closing’s first and second anniversary, the API Feeder Partnerships and API partners were able to transfer or exchange up to 33.33% of their Class A common stock, Class B common stock or any Common Units directly or indirectly owned as of the Closing, as applicable; between the Closing’s second and third anniversary, the API Feeder Partnerships and API partners were able to transfer or exchange up to 66.66% of their Class A common stock, Class B common stock or any Common Units directly or indirectly owned as of the Closing, as applicable; and after the Closing’s third anniversary, the API Feeder Partnerships and API partners may transfer or exchange up to 100% of their Class A common stock, Class B common stock or any Common Units, as applicable (in each case, with respect to Common Units, subject to the terms of the A&R Exchange Agreement). Any additional Common Units received by the API Feeder Partnerships and API partners pursuant to the Angelo Gordon Transaction Agreement’s (as defined herein) earnout provisions shall be deemed to have been received as of the date of the Closing and subject to the transfer restrictions descried above. Furthermore, following the IPO’s second anniversary, the Pre-IPO Investors have been able to sell 100% of their Class A common stock, Class B common stock or Common Units (subject to the terms of the A&R Exchange Agreement). Pursuant to the A&R Investor Rights Agreement, we have agreed to register the resale of our common stock under certain circumstances. In addition, we may waive the foregoing restrictions under circumstances as contemplated in the A&R Investor Rights Agreement. The holders of outstanding Common Units have the right to have their Common Units exchanged for cash or (at our option) shares of Class A common stock, and any disclosure of such exchange or the subsequent sale (or any disclosure of an intent to enter into such an exchange or subsequent sale) of such shares of Class A common stock may cause volatility in our stock price. As of December 31, 2025, we had an aggregate of 224,331,812 shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exchange of Common Units that are held by the Common Unit holders of the TPG Operating Group. The holders of Common Units are entitled to have their Common Units exchanged for cash from a substantially concurrent primary equity offering (based on the closing price per share of the Class A common stock on the day before the pricing of such primary equity offering (taking into account customary brokerage commissions or underwriting discounts actually incurred)) or (at our option) shares of our Class A common stock. We cannot predict the timing, size or disclosure of any future issuances of our Class A common stock resulting from the exchange of Common Units or the effect, if any, that future issuances, disclosure or sales of shares of our Class A common stock may have on the market price of our Class A common stock. Sales or distributions of substantial amounts of our Class A common stock, or the perception that such sales or distributions could occur, may cause the market price of our Class A common stock to decline. The market price of our Class A common stock may be volatile, which could cause the value of our stockholders’ investments to decline. Securities markets worldwide experience significant price and volume fluctuations. This market volatility, as well as general economic, market or political conditions, could reduce the market price of our Class A common stock in spite of our operating performance. Our Class A common stock has been volatile and may continue to be volatile in the future. In addition, our operating results could be below the expectations of public market analysts and investors, and in response, the market price of our Class A common stock could decrease significantly. 65 Table of Contents Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of us more difficult, limit attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management and may negatively affect the market price of our Class A common stock. Provisions in our restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control or changes in our management. Our restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws include provisions that: • provide that vacancies on our board of directors may be filled only by a majority of directors then in office, even though less than a quorum following the Sunset, before which time vacancies may be filled only by the Control Group; • require that any action to be taken by our stockholders be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting and not by written consent, except that action by written consent is allowed for as long as we are a controlled company; • specify that special meetings of our stockholders can be called only by our board of directors or the executive chairman (or if there is no executive chairman, the chairman) of our board of directors; • establish an advance notice procedure for stockholder proposals to be brought before an annual meeting, including proposed nominations of persons for election to our board of directors; • authorize our board of directors to issue, without further action by the stockholders, up to 25,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock in one or more classes or series; and • reflect three classes of common stock, with Class B common stock having 10 votes per share and voting Class A common stock generally having one vote per share and nonvoting Class A common stock without voting rights until the shares are transferred, until the Sunset becomes effective, as discussed above. These and other provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our board of directors, which is responsible for appointing the members of our management. Also, the Tax Receivable Agreement provides that, in the event of a change of control, we will be required to make a payment equal to the present value of estimated future payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement, which would result in a significant payment becoming due in the event of a change of control. See “—The acceleration of payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement in the case of certain changes of control may impair our ability to consummate change of control transactions or negatively impact the value received by owners of our Class A common stock.” In addition, Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the “DGCL”) generally prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in any of a broad range of business combinations with any “interested” stockholder, in particular those owning 15% or more of our outstanding voting stock, for a period of three years following the date on which the stockholder became an “interested” stockholder. While we have elected in our restated certificate of incorporation not to be subject to Section 203 of the DGCL, our restated certificate of incorporation contains provisions that have the same effect as Section 203 of the DGCL, except that they provide that the TPG Operating Group, its affiliates, groups that include the TPG Operating Group and certain of their direct and indirect transferees are not deemed to be “interested stockholders,” regardless of the percentage of our voting stock owned by them, and accordingly are not subject to such restrictions. As a result, in the event of a business combination with any such persons, we will not be required to obtain the same stockholder approvals for certain transactions as other public companies subject to DGCL Section 203, and our stockholders will therefore not have the same protections with respect to certain transactions as stockholders of other public companies. If securities analysts do not publish research or reports about our business or if they publish negative evaluations of our Class A common stock, the price of our Class A common stock could decline. The trading market for our Class A common stock relies in part on the research and reports that industry or financial analysts publish about us or our business. If one or more of the analysts covering our business downgrade their evaluations of our stock, the price of our Class A common stock could decline. If one or more of these analysts cease to cover our Class A common stock, we could lose visibility in the market for our stock, which in turn could cause our Class A common stock price to decline. 66 Table of Contents We are required to pay certain holders of Common Units (or their assignees under the Tax Receivable Agreement) for most of the tax benefits that we may claim as a result of the Covered Tax Items (as defined below). We, the TPG Operating Group partnership and one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries have entered into the Tax Receivable Agreement with certain holders of Common Units (“TRA holders”) that provides for the payment by us (or our subsidiary) to such holders (or their assignees under the Tax Receivable Agreement) of 85% of the benefits, if any, that we realize, or we are deemed to realize (calculated using certain assumptions), as a result of (i) adjustments to the tax basis of the assets of the TPG Operating Group as a result of certain exchanges of Common Units and (ii) certain other tax benefits, including tax benefits attributable to payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement (the “Covered Tax Items”). The Covered Tax Items may increase and, therefore, may reduce the amount of tax that we would otherwise be required to pay in the future, although the IRS may challenge all or part of the validity of the Covered Tax Items, and a court could sustain such a challenge. Actual tax benefits realized by us may differ from tax benefits calculated under the Tax Receivable Agreement as a result of the use of certain assumptions in the Tax Receivable Agreement, including the use of an assumed weighted-average state and local income tax rate to calculate tax benefits. The payment obligation under the Tax Receivable Agreement is our (or our wholly-owned subsidiary’s) obligation and not an obligation of the TPG Operating Group. While the amount of the Covered Tax Items, as well as the amount and timing of any payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement, will vary depending upon a number of factors, we expect the payments that we may make under the Tax Receivable Agreement will be substantial. The actual amounts payable will depend upon, among other things, the timing of purchases or exchanges, tax rates, the price of shares of our Class A common stock at the time of such purchases or exchanges, the extent to which such purchases or exchanges are taxable and the amount and timing of our taxable income. The payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement are not conditioned upon continued ownership of us by the TRA holders. See “—In certain cases, payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement may be accelerated and/or significantly exceed the actual benefits we realize in respect of the tax attributes subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement.” In certain cases, payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement may be accelerated and/or significantly exceed the actual benefits we realize in respect of the tax attributes subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement. Our payment obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement will be accelerated in the event of certain changes of control, in certain events of bankruptcy or liquidation or if we elect to terminate the Tax Receivable Agreement early. The accelerated payments required in such circumstances will be calculated by reference to the present value (at a discount rate equal to the lesser of (i) 6.5% per annum and (ii) one-month SOFR (as defined herein) (or its successor rate) plus 100 basis points) of all future payments that holders of Common Units or other recipients would have been entitled to receive under the Tax Receivable Agreement, and such accelerated payments and any other future payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement will utilize certain valuation assumptions, including that we will have sufficient taxable income to fully utilize the Covered Tax Items and that we are not subject to any alternative minimum tax. In addition, recipients of payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement will not reimburse us for any payments previously made under the Tax Receivable Agreement if the tax attributes or our utilization of tax attributes underlying the relevant Tax Receivable Agreement payment are successfully challenged by the IRS (although any such detriment would be taken into account as an offset against future payments due to the relevant recipient under the Tax Receivable Agreement). Our ability to achieve benefits from the Covered Tax Items, will depend upon a number of factors, including the timing and amount of our future income. As a result, even in the absence of a change of control or an election to terminate the Tax Receivable Agreement early, payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement could be in excess of 85% of our actual cash tax benefits. Accordingly, it is possible that the actual cash tax benefits realized by us may be significantly less than the corresponding Tax Receivable Agreement payments. It is also possible that payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement may be made years in advance of the actual realization, if any, of the anticipated future tax benefits, including in circumstances in which we are subject to an alternative minimum tax and as a result are not able to realize the tax benefits associated with Covered Tax Items. There may be a material negative effect on our liquidity if the payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement exceed the actual cash tax benefits that we realize in respect of the tax attributes subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement and/or if distributions to us by the TPG Operating Group are not sufficient to permit us to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement after we have paid taxes and other expenses. The actual amounts we will be required to pay may materially differ from these hypothetical amounts, depending on the actual timing of the termination of the Tax Receivable Agreement, the fair market value of our Class A common stock at the time of such termination, the prevailing one-month SOFR at the time of such termination and a number of other factors. We may need to incur additional indebtedness to finance payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement to the extent our cash resources are insufficient to meet our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement as a result of timing discrepancies or otherwise, and these 67 Table of Contents obligations could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing certain mergers, asset sales, other forms of business combinations or other changes of control. The acceleration of payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement in the case of certain changes of control may impair our ability to consummate change of control transactions or negatively impact the value received by owners of our Class A common stock. In the case of certain changes of control, payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement will be accelerated and may significantly exceed the actual benefits we realize in respect of the tax attributes subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement. We expect that the payments that we may make under the Tax Receivable Agreement in the event of a change of control will be substantial. As a result, our accelerated payment obligations and/or the assumptions adopted under the Tax Receivable Agreement in the case of a change of control may impair our ability to consummate change of control transactions or negatively impact the value received by owners of our Class A common stock in a change of control transaction. Our restated certificate of incorporation designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders and designates the U.S. federal district courts as the sole and exclusive forum for claims arising under the Securities Act (as defined herein), which, in each case, could limit our stockholders’ ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees, agents or other stockholders. Our restated certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for any • derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company; • action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by or other wrongdoing by any current or former director, officer, employee, agent or stockholder of the Company to the Company or the Company’s stockholders; • action asserting a claim arising under any provision of the DGCL or our restated certificate of incorporation or our bylaws (as either may be amended from time to time), or as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware; or • action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine. For the avoidance of doubt, our restated certificate of incorporation also provides that the foregoing exclusive forum provision does not apply to actions brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) or the Exchange Act, or any other claim or cause of action for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Our restated certificate of incorporation also provides that, unless we consent in writing to an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any action asserting a claim arising under the Securities Act or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and that its provisions will not preclude or contract the scope of exclusive federal jurisdiction for suits brought under the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. However, Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits asserting a claim arising under the Securities Act or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder; accordingly, we cannot be certain that a court would enforce such provision. Pursuant to the Exchange Act, claims arising thereunder must be brought in federal district courts of the United States of America. To the fullest extent permitted by law, any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in any shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the forum provision in our restated certificate of incorporation. This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder’s ability to bring a claim in a different judicial forum, including one that it may find favorable or convenient for a specified class of disputes with us or our directors, officers, other stockholders, agents or employees, which may discourage such lawsuits, make them more difficult or expensive to pursue, and result in outcomes that are less favorable to such stockholders than outcomes that may have been attainable in other jurisdictions. By agreeing to this provision, however, our stockholders will not be deemed to have 68 Table of Contents waived (and cannot waive) compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. The enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in other companies’ certificates of incorporation has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that a court could find these types of provisions to be inapplicable or unenforceable. If a court were to find the choice of forum provisions in our restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Risks Related to Our Indebtedness Our use of borrowings to finance our business exposes us to risks. We use indebtedness as a means to finance our business operations, which exposes us to the typical risks associated with using leverage, including those discussed under “—Dependence on significant leverage by certain of our funds and their investments could adversely affect the ability of our funds to achieve attractive rates of return on those investments.” We have outstanding senior notes due March 5, 2034, outstanding senior notes due January 15, 2036, outstanding junior subordinated notes due March 15, 2064, outstanding securitization notes due June 20, 2038 and revolving credit facilities with various maturity dates. See Note 11, “Debt Obligations,” to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding our outstanding indebtedness. We are dependent on financial institutions extending credit to us on reasonable terms to finance our business, and on our ability to access the debt and equity capital markets, which can be volatile. 2025 was marked by periods of turbulence and rapid shifts in market sentiment, driven primarily by trade policy developments, monetary policy adjustments, geopolitical tensions and evolving macroeconomic indicators. Though capital markets were active throughout the year, the underlying backdrop remains fluid. There is no guarantee that financial institutions will continue to extend credit to us or will renew the existing credit agreements we have with them, or that we will be able to refinance our outstanding notes or other obligations when they mature. In addition, the incurrence of additional debt in the future could result in downgrades of our existing corporate credit ratings, which could limit the availability of future financing or increase our cost of borrowing. As borrowings under our credit facilities or any other indebtedness mature, we may be required to refinance them by either entering into new facilities or issuing additional debt, which could result in higher borrowing costs, or issuing additional equity, which would dilute existing stockholders. We could also repay them by using cash on hand, cash provided by our continuing operations or cash from the sale of our assets, which could reduce the amount of cash available to facilitate the growth and expansion of our businesses and pay dividends to our stockholders and operating expenses and other obligations as they arise. We may be unable to enter into new facilities or issue debt or equity securities in the future on attractive terms, or at all. Furthermore, the credit agreements, indentures and instruments governing our existing debt contain covenants with which we need to comply. Non-compliance with any of the covenants without cure or waiver would constitute an event of default, and an event of default resulting from a breach of certain covenants could result, at the option of the lenders, in an acceleration of the principal and interest outstanding, and a termination of the credit agreements or instruments governing our debt. We have significant liquidity requirements, and adverse market and economic conditions may negatively impact our sources of liquidity, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. We expect that our primary liquidity needs include cash required to: • support our working capital needs; • fund cash operating expenses, including compensation and contingencies, including for clawback obligations or litigation matters; • service debt obligations, including the payment of obligations at maturity, on interest payment dates or upon redemption, as well as any contingent liabilities that may give rise to future cash payments; • continue growing our businesses, including: • seeding new strategies; 69 Table of Contents • warehousing investments or seeding portfolios for the benefit of one or more of our funds or other investment vehicles pending the expected contribution of committed capital by the investors in such vehicles and advancing capital to them for other operational needs; • pursuing strategic investments or acquisitions; • funding our capital commitments made to existing and future funds and co-investments; • meeting any net capital requirements of our broker-dealer or funding obligations of our capital markets business; and • otherwise supporting investment vehicles that we sponsor; • pay amounts that may become due under the Tax Receivable Agreement; • pay earnouts and contingent cash consideration associated with our Acquisition; • pay cash dividends in accordance with our dividend policy for our Class A common stock; • manage risk retention for CLOs; • address capital needs of regulated and other subsidiaries, including our broker-dealer; and • exchange Common Units pursuant to the A&R Exchange Agreement or repurchase or redeem other securities issued by us. These liquidity requirements are significant and, in some cases, involve capital that will remain invested for extended periods of time. As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately $595.9 million of remaining unfunded capital commitments to our funds. Our commitments to our funds will require significant cash outlays over time, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to generate sufficient cash flows from realizations of investments to fund them. We have used our balance sheet to provide credit support to the facilities used by certain personnel in connection with their commitments to our funds and to facilitate and manage the investments by partners, employees and other participants in certain of our funds. In addition, we have used our balance sheet to provide credit support to backstop certain clawback obligations to our funds. We have also used our balance sheet to provide credit support for guarantees related to certain operating leases for our offices. In addition, as of December 31, 2025, we had $1,722.5 million of indebtedness outstanding under our credit facilities, outstanding notes and Secured Notes and $826.1 million of cash and cash equivalents. Depending on market conditions, we may be unable to refinance or renew all or part of our outstanding notes, Secured Notes or our credit facilities, or find alternate sources of financing (including issuing equity), on commercially reasonable terms or at all. As a result, our uses of cash may exceed our sources of cash, thereby potentially affecting our liquidity position. Furthermore, the incurrence of additional debt by us or our subsidiaries in the future could result in downgrades of our existing corporate credit ratings, which could limit the availability of future financing and increase our costs of borrowing. From time to time, our broker-dealer makes significant drawdowns under a revolving credit facility to satisfy net capital requirements arising from its underwriting commitments. These drawdowns could also put pressure on our liquidity or limit our ability to allocate our capital efficiently across our businesses. To the extent we do not have access to our broker-dealer’s revolving credit facility or other liquidity, regulatory net capital requirements could limit our broker-dealer’s ability to participate in underwriting or other transactions. Finally, if cumulative distributions to our funds’ investors are not in accordance with the distributions described in the applicable fund governing documents, the general partner is required to make payments to the investors in an amount necessary to correct the deficiency. We typically guarantee such clawback obligations on behalf of each fund’s general partner. Adverse economic conditions may increase the likelihood of triggering these general partner obligations. If one or more such general partner obligations were triggered, we may not have available cash to repay the performance allocations and satisfy such obligations. If we were unable to repay such performance allocations, we would be in breach of the relevant governing agreements with our fund investors and could be subject to liability. Any of the foregoing could lead to a substantial decrease in our revenues and to material adverse impacts on our reputation. 70 Table of Contents In the event that our liquidity requirements were to exceed available liquid assets for the reasons we specify above or for any other reasons, we could be forced to sell assets or seek to raise debt or equity capital on unfavorable terms. For further discussion of our liquidity needs, see “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources.” Dependence on significant leverage by certain of our funds and their investments could adversely affect the ability of our funds to achieve attractive rates of return on those investments. Many of our funds’ investments rely on the use of leverage, and our ability to achieve attractive rates of return on investments will depend on our ability to access sufficient sources of indebtedness at attractive rates. The absence of available sources of sufficient debt financing at attractive rates for extended periods of time could therefore materially and adversely affect our funds and investments. A portion of the indebtedness used to finance our funds’ investments often includes leveraged loans and debt instruments privately placed with institutional investors. Availability of capital from the leveraged loan, high-yield, private debt markets and banks is subject to market volatility, and there may be times when our funds might not be able to access those markets at attractive rates, or at all, when completing an investment. Additionally, to the extent there is a reduction in the availability of financing for extended periods of time, the purchasing power of a prospective buyer may be more limited, adversely impacting the fair value of our funds’ investments and thereby reducing the acquisition price. We also have relied, and may in future rely, on banks for financing. In March 2013, the U.S. Federal Reserve Board and other U.S. federal banking agencies issued updated leveraged lending guidance covering transactions characterized by a degree of financial leverage. Such guidance may limit the amount or cost of financing we are able to obtain from banks for our transactions, and as a result, the returns on our investments may suffer. While the 2013 leveraged lending guidance’s status remains uncertain following an October 2017 Government Accountability Office determination to submit the guidance to U.S. congressional review, it’s possible the U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies could apply the leveraged lending guidance in its current form or implement a revised or new rule that limits leveraged lending. Such regulatory action could limit the amount, and increase the cost, of bank financing available for our business. An increase in the overall cost of debt required by providers of that indebtedness would make it more expensive to finance investments, thereby reducing returns. Further, the interest payments on the indebtedness used to finance our funds’ investments are generally deductible expenses for income tax purposes, subject to limitations under applicable tax law and policy. Any change in such tax law or policy to eliminate or limit these income tax deductions, as has been discussed from time to time in various jurisdictions, would reduce the after-tax rates of return on the affected investments. See “—Changes in the debt financing markets or higher interest rates could negatively impact the ability of certain of our funds and their investments to obtain attractive financing or re-financing and could increase the cost of such financing if it is obtained, which could lead to lower-yielding investments and could potentially decrease our net income.” Investments in highly leveraged entities are also inherently more sensitive to declines in revenues, increases in expenses and interest rates and volatile or adverse economic, market and industry developments. Additionally, the interests (whether in securities or otherwise) acquired by our funds in their investments may be the most junior in what could be a complex capital structure, and thus subject us to the greatest risk of loss in the event of insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or bankruptcy of one of these investments. Furthermore, the incurrence of a significant amount of indebtedness by an investment could, among other things: • subject the entity to a number of affirmative, negative and financial covenants, terms and conditions, any violation of which would be viewed by creditors as an event of default and could materially impact our ability to realize value from the investment; • give rise to an obligation to make mandatory prepayments of debt using excess cash flow, which might limit the entity’s ability to respond to changing industry conditions, to make unplanned but necessary capital expenditures or to take advantage of growth opportunities; • allow even moderate reductions in operating cash flow to render the entity unable to service its indebtedness, leading to a bankruptcy or other reorganization of the entity and a loss of part or all of the equity investment in it; 71 Table of Contents • limit the entity’s ability to adjust to changing market conditions, thereby placing it at a competitive disadvantage compared to its competitors who have relatively less debt; • limit the entity’s ability to engage in strategic acquisitions that might be necessary to generate attractive returns or further growth; and • limit the entity’s ability to obtain additional financing or increase the cost of obtaining such financing, including for capital expenditures, working capital or other general corporate purposes. A leveraged investment’s equity value also tends to increase or decrease at a greater rate than would otherwise be the case if money had not been borrowed. As a result, the risk of loss associated with a leveraged investment is generally greater than for investments with comparatively less debt. For example, leveraged investments could default on their debt obligations due to a decrease in cash flow precipitated by an economic downturn or by poor relative performance at such a company. Similarly, the leveraged nature of the investments of our real assets funds increases the risk that a decline in the fair value of the underlying real estate or tangible assets will result in their abandonment or foreclosure. When our funds’ existing investments reach the point when debt incurred to finance those investments matures in significant amounts and must be either repaid or refinanced, those investments may materially suffer if they have generated insufficient cash flow to repay maturing debt and there is insufficient capacity and availability in the financing markets to permit them to refinance maturing debt on satisfactory terms, or at all. If a limited availability of financing for such purposes were to persist for an extended period of time, when significant amounts of the debt incurred to finance our funds’ investments came due, these funds could be materially and adversely affected. Additionally, if such limited availability of financing persists, our funds may also not be able to recoup their investments, as issuers of debt become unable to repay their borrowings, which will adversely affect both their equity and debt investors. Moreover, in the event of default or potential default under applicable financing arrangements, one or more of our investments may go bankrupt, which could give rise to substantial investment losses, adverse claims or litigation against us or our employees and damage to our reputation. Many of our funds may choose to use leverage as part of their investment programs and regularly borrow a substantial amount of their capital. The use of leverage poses a significant degree of risk and enhances the possibility of a significant loss in the value of the investment portfolio. A fund may borrow money from time to time to purchase or carry securities or debt obligations or may enter into derivative transactions (such as total return swaps) with counterparties that have embedded leverage. The interest expense and other costs incurred in connection with such borrowing may not be recovered by appreciation in the securities purchased or carried and will be lost, and the timing and magnitude of such losses may be accelerated or exacerbated, in the event of a decline in the market value of such securities or debt obligations. Gains realized with borrowed funds may cause the fund’s net asset value to increase at a faster rate than would be the case without borrowings. However, if investment results fail to cover the cost of borrowings, the fund’s net asset value will also decrease faster than if there had been no borrowings. Interest rate increases, including those approved by the U.S. Federal Reserve in recent years, could also decrease the value of fixed-rate debt investment that our investment funds make. In addition, to the extent that any changes in tax law make debt financing less attractive to certain categories of borrowers, this could adversely affect the investment opportunities for funds, particularly those that invest in debt securities, loans and other credit-related investments. Any of the foregoing circumstances could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. Changes in the debt financing markets or higher interest rates could negatively impact the ability of certain of our funds and their investments to obtain attractive financing or re-financing and could increase the cost of such financing if it is obtained, which could lead to lower-yielding investments and could potentially decrease our net income. A period of sharply rising interest rates could create downward pressure on the price of real estate, increase the cost and availability of debt financing for the transactions our funds pursue and decrease the value of fixed-rate debt investments made by our funds, each of which may have an adverse impact on our business. Interest rates rose steadily in 2023 and, although the U.S. Federal Reserve initiated a series of interest rate cuts in late 2024 that continued throughout 2025, there can be no guarantee that interest rates will continue to decline. A rise in interest rates may have further material adverse impacts on our business and that of our investment funds and their investments. In addition, a significant contraction or weakening in the market for debt financing or other adverse change relating to the terms of debt financing, including higher equity requirements or more restrictive covenants, could have a material adverse impact on our business 72 Table of Contents and that of our investment funds and their investments. Moreover, the financing of new investments or the operations of our funds’ investments may become less attractive due to limitations on the deductibility of net interest expense. See “—Risks Related to Our Industry—Changes in relevant tax laws, regulations or treaties or an adverse interpretation of these items by tax authorities could negatively impact our effective tax rate and tax liability.” If our funds are unable to obtain committed debt financing for potential investments, can only obtain debt financing at an increased interest rate or on unfavorable terms or the ability to deduct corporate interest expense is substantially limited, our funds may face increased competition from strategic buyers of assets who may have an overall lower cost of capital or the ability to benefit from a higher amount of cost savings following an investment, or may have difficulty completing otherwise profitable acquisitions or may generate profits that are lower than would otherwise be the case, each of which could lead to a decrease in our revenues. In addition, rising interest rates, coupled with periods of significant equity and credit market volatility may potentially make it more difficult for us to find attractive opportunities for our funds to exit and realize value from their existing investments. Furthermore, any failure by lenders to provide previously committed financing can also expose us to potential claims by sellers of businesses that we may have contracted to purchase. Our funds’ portfolio companies also regularly utilize the corporate loan and bond markets to obtain financing for their operations. Certain portfolio companies are facing, or may face in the future, increased credit and liquidity risk due to volatility in financial markets, increased costs of existing floating rate indebtedness in a rising interest rate environment, reduced revenue streams and limited or higher cost of access to preferred sources of funding, which could negatively affect us or our funds’ investments. To the extent monetary policy, tax or other regulatory changes or difficult credit markets render such financing difficult to obtain, more expensive or otherwise less attractive, this may negatively impact the financial results of those investments and, therefore, the investment returns on our funds. In addition, to the extent that conditions in the credit markets or tax or other regulatory changes impair the ability of our investments to refinance or extend maturities on their outstanding debt, either on favorable terms or at all, the financial results of those portfolio companies may be negatively impacted, which could impair the value of our funds’ investments. In some cases, the inability of our funds’ investments to refinance or extend maturities may result in the inability of those investments to repay debt at maturity or pay interests when due, and may cause the portfolio companies to sell assets, undergo a recapitalization or seek bankruptcy protection, any of which would also likely impair the value of our funds’ investment. Risks Related to Our Industry The alternative asset management business is intensely competitive, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. We compete as an alternative asset management firm for both fund investors and investment opportunities. The alternative asset management business is highly fragmented, with our principal competitors being sponsors of private funds and operating companies acting as strategic buyers of businesses. Competition for fund investors is based on a variety of factors, including: • investment performance; • investor liquidity and willingness to invest; • investor perception of investment managers’ drive, focus and alignment of interest; • business reputation; • quality of services provided to and duration of relationships with fund investors; • pricing and fund terms, including fees; • the relative attractiveness of the types of investments that have been or will be made; and • consideration and management of ESG issues. 73 Table of Contents Further, we believe that competition for investment opportunities is based primarily on the pricing, terms and structure of a proposed investment, certainty of execution and business relationships that provide access to opportunities. A variety of factors could exacerbate the competitive risks we face, including: • fund investors may reduce their investments in our funds or decrease their allocations in new funds based on a variety of factors, such as the occurrence of an economic downturn, their available capital, regulatory requirements or a desire to consolidate their relationships with investment firms; • some of our competitors may have agreed, or may agree, to terms on their funds or products that are more favorable to fund investors than those of our funds or products, such as lower management fees, greater fee sharing or higher hurdles for performance allocations, and we may be unable to match or otherwise revise our terms; • some of our funds may not perform as well as competitors’ funds or other available investment products; • some of our competitors may have raised, or may raise, significant amounts of capital and may have similar investment objectives and strategies to our funds, which could create additional competition for investment opportunities and reduce the size and duration of pricing inefficiencies that many alternative investment strategies seek to exploit; • some of our competitors may have a lower cost of capital and access to funding sources that are not available to us; • some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances, different risk assessments or lower return thresholds, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments and bid more aggressively than us for investments; • some of our competitors may be more successful than we are in the development of new or customized products to address investor demand for new or different investment strategies and/or regulatory changes, including with respect to private credit products that are developed for individual investors or that target insurance capital; • some of our competitors may be subject to less regulation or less regulatory scrutiny and, accordingly, may have more flexibility to undertake and execute certain businesses or investments than we do and/or bear less expense to comply with such regulations than we bear; • there are relatively few barriers to entry impeding the formation of new funds, including a relatively low cost of entering these businesses, and the successful efforts of new entrants into our various lines of business have resulted, and may continue to result, in increased competition; • if, as we expect, allocation of assets to alternative investment strategies increases, there may be increased competition for alternative investments and access to fund general partners and managers; • some of our competitors may have instituted, or may institute, low cost, high speed financial applications and services based on AI, and new competitors may enter the alternative asset management space using new investment platforms based on AI; • some investors may prefer to pursue investments directly instead of investing through one of our funds; • some investors may prefer to invest with an investment manager that is not publicly traded, is smaller or manages fewer investment products; and • other industry participants continuously seek to recruit our investment professionals and other key personnel away from us. We may lose investment opportunities in the future if we do not match investment prices, structures and terms offered by competitors. For example, competitors that are corporate buyers may be able to achieve synergistic cost savings 74 Table of Contents in respect of an investment, which may allow them to submit a higher bid. Alternatively, we may experience decreased investment returns and increased risks of loss if we match investment prices, structures and terms offered by competitors. As a result, if we are forced to compete with other investment firms on the basis of price, we may be unable to maintain our current fees or other terms. There is a risk that management fees and performance allocations in the alternative asset management industry will decline, without regard to the historical performance of a manager. Management fee or performance allocation income reductions on existing or future funds, without corresponding decreases in our cost structure, would negatively impact our revenues and profitability and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. In addition, if market conditions for competing investment products were to become more favorable, such products could offer rates of return superior to those achieved by our funds and the attractiveness of our funds relative to investments in other investment products could decrease. This competitive pressure could negatively impact our ability to make successful investments and limit our ability to raise future funds, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. Climate change and climate policies and regulation could adversely affect our business. TPG and our portfolio companies face risks associated with climate change, including risks related to climate-related business trends and risks stemming from the physical and transitional impacts of climate change and the impact of climate-related legislation, funding, regulation and deregulation (both domestically and internationally). In addition, uncertainties related to climate change and climate change-related regulation may adversely impact our dedicated climate impact and climate transition infrastructure investing products or other related funds, and their respective investments. New climate change-related regulations, rescission or modification of existing regulations or appropriations or changes in interpretations of existing requirements may result in changes to subsidies, tax, permitting and other requirements and/or enhanced disclosure obligations, which could negatively affect us or our portfolio companies and/or materially increase our or their regulatory burden. The Trump Administration has begun to implement significant changes to environmental and energy policies from those that were in place under the Biden Administration. Such changes may be material to us or our portfolio companies. Conversely, to the extent a jurisdiction introduces new regulatory requirements, whether the U.S. federal government, a U.S. state or a foreign jurisdiction, increased regulations generally increase our or our portfolio companies’ costs, and we or they could continue to experience higher costs if new laws and regulatory requirements require us or them to, among other things, spend more time, hire additional personnel or buy new technology to comply effectively. Compliance with climate- and other sustainability-related rules could result in increased legal and compliance costs and expenses which would be borne by us and our funds. See “—Risks Related to Our Business— Sustainability-related compliance and reporting may result in increased compliance costs, litigation or enforcement actions, reputational harm, irreconcilable inconsistencies across jurisdictions and/or some investors not investing in or seeking to exit our funds.” At the portfolio company level, while we have invested in sectors that are inherently lower carbon intensity (e.g., technology and healthcare), which decreases some exposure to energy transition risk, there are individual portfolio companies in these and other sectors that could face transition risks related to carbon-related regulations or taxes or there is shifting demand for the companies’ products or services. In addition, TPG faces business trend-related climate risks. For our portfolio companies, business trends related to climate change may require capital expenditures, product or service redesigns, and changes to operations and supply chains to meet changing customer expectations. Not addressing these changed expectations could create business model disruptions and other risks for portfolio companies, which could negatively impact the returns in our funds. Furthermore, certain fund investors consider sustainability factors, including climate risks, in determining whether to invest in our funds. Further, significant physical effects of climate change, including extreme weather events such as fires, hurricanes or floods, can cause considerable damage to portfolio companies and investments and negatively impact returns, especially our real asset investments and portfolio companies that rely on physical factories, plants or stores located in the affected areas. Increases in the effects of climate change are expected to exacerbate the frequency and impact of weather and climate related events and conditions. While we believe the geographic distribution of our portfolio diversifies TPG’s physical climate risk, some physical risk is inherent in the companies in our portfolio, particularly in some real estate holdings and Asia- and Africa-based investments and in the unknown potential for extreme weather that could occur related to climate change. 75 Table of Contents We expect some funds to face additional climate-related risks of a different nature. For example, deregulation or non-implementation of additional regulation, particularly in the United States, U.K. and EU, around climate change and carbon output control could lead to diminished market demand in various investment sectors. Additionally, implementation of the Paris Agreement and other climate-related initiatives and the pace of private actors seeking to reduce greenhouse gas emissions are uncertain. Uneven or slow implementation could negatively impact the speed of growth for the companies in certain funds. Further, non-implementation, or the rollback of energy subsidies designed to enable the energy transition, may negatively impact the financial performance of certain investments. In addition, jurisdictions could classify fund investments differently in terms of their contributions to climate change mitigation and/or the energy transition, which could open some assets to transition risks. Difficult economic and market conditions could negatively impact our businesses in many ways, including by reducing the value or hampering the performance of our funds’ investments or reducing our funds’ ability to raise or deploy capital, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. Our business is materially affected by conditions in the global financial markets and economic conditions or events throughout the world that are outside of our control, such as fluctuating interest rates, availability of credit, inflation rates, economic uncertainty, changes in laws (including laws relating to taxation and regulations on the financial industry), pandemics or other severe public health events, trade barriers, commodity prices, currency exchange rates and controls, national and international political circumstances (including government shutdowns, wars, threatened military conflicts, terrorist acts or security operations) and the effects of climate change. Recently, markets have been affected by U.S. interest rates, inflation, the imposition of trade barriers, ongoing trade negotiations with major U.S. trading partners, slower economic growth or recession, changes in U.S. tax regulations and geopolitical events such as the ongoing war in Ukraine and conflicts in the Middle East. These conditions, events and factors are outside our control and may affect the level and volatility of securities prices and the liquidity and the value of investments, and we may not be able to or may choose not to manage our exposure to them. Volatility in the global financial markets or a financial downturn could negatively impact our business in a number of ways. Volatility or unfavorable market and economic conditions could reduce opportunities for our funds to make, exit and realize value from, and expected returns on, their existing investments. When financing is not available or becomes too costly, it is difficult for potential buyers to raise sufficient capital to purchase our funds’ investments, and we may earn lower-than-expected returns on them, which could cause us to realize diminished or no performance allocations. If not otherwise offset, declines in the equity, debt and commodity markets would likely cause us to write down our funds’ investments. Further, difficult market conditions could cause a decrease in the frequency and size of fees generated from TPG Capital BD’s (or related entities’) capital markets activities. Our profitability may also be negatively impacted by our fixed costs and the possibility that we would be unable to scale back other costs within a time frame sufficient to match any decreases in revenue relating to a downturn in market and economic conditions. During periods of difficult market conditions or slowdowns, our funds’ portfolio companies or assets in which we have invested may experience adverse operating performance, decreased revenues, financial losses, credit rating downgrades, difficulty in obtaining access to financing and increased funding costs. These companies may also have difficulty expanding their businesses and operations, meeting their debt service obligations or paying other expenses as they become due, including amounts payable to us. Negative financial results in our funds’ portfolio companies could result in less appreciation across the portfolio and lower investment returns for our funds. Because our funds generally make a limited number of investments, negative financial results in a few of a fund’s portfolio companies could severely impact the fund’s total returns, which could negatively affect our ability to raise new funds, the performance allocations we receive and the value of our investments. Further, such negative market conditions could potentially result in a portfolio company entering bankruptcy proceedings, or in the case of certain real estate funds, the abandonment or foreclosure of investments, which could result in a complete loss of the fund’s investment in such portfolio company and negatively impact the fund’s performance and, consequently, the performance allocations we receive and the value of our investment, as well as our reputation. Receipt of lower investment returns from our funds during a period of difficult market conditions could cause our cash flow from operations to significantly decrease, which could negatively impact our liquidity position and the amount of cash we have on hand to conduct our operations and pay dividends to our stockholders. The generation of less performance allocations could also affect our leverage ratios, external credit ratings and compliance with our credit facility covenants as well as our ability to renew or refinance all or part of our credit facility and contractual obligations. Having less cash on hand could in turn require us to rely on other sources of cash, such as the capital markets, to conduct our operations. 76 Table of Contents In addition, volatility or unfavorable market and economic conditions could make it difficult for our funds to find suitable investments or secure financing for investments on attractive terms. Heightened equity and credit market volatility could negatively impact availability and cost of financing for significant acquisitions and dispositions. If credit markets weaken, our funds may be unable to consummate significant acquisitions and dispositions on acceptable terms or at all. A general slowdown in global merger and acquisition activity due to the lack of suitable financing or an increase in uncertainty could slow in our investment pace, which in turn could negatively impact our ability to generate future performance allocations and fully invest the available capital in our funds. A slowdown in the deployment of our available capital could impact the management fees we earn on funds that generate fees based on invested (and not committed) capital, including our ability to raise, and the timing of raising, successor funds. Market volatility could also negatively impact our fundraising efforts in several ways. We generally raise capital for a successor fund following the substantial and successful deployment of capital from the existing fund. Poor performance by existing funds as a result of market conditions could impair our ability to raise new funds as could any change in or rebalancing of fund investors’ asset allocation policies. Investors often allocate to alternative asset classes based on a target percentage of their overall portfolio. If the value of an investor’s portfolio decreases as a whole, the amount available to allocate to alternative assets could decline. Further, investors often take into account the amount of distributions they have received from existing funds when considering commitments to new funds. General market volatility or a reduction in distributions to investors could cause investors to delay making new commitments to funds or negotiate for lower fees, different fee sharing arrangements for transaction or other fees and other concessions. The outcome of such negotiations could result in our agreement to terms that are materially less favorable to us than for prior funds we have managed, and a decrease in the amount an investor commits to our funds could have an impact on the ultimate size of the fund and amount of management fees we generate. Extensive regulation of our businesses affects our activities and creates the potential for significant liabilities and penalties. Increased regulatory focus on the alternative asset industry or legislative or regulatory changes could result in additional burdens and expenses on our business. Our business is subject to extensive regulation, including periodic examinations, by governmental agencies and self-regulatory organizations in the jurisdictions in which we operate around the world. Many of these regulators, including U.S. and foreign government agencies and self-regulatory organizations, are empowered to conduct investigations and administrative proceedings that can result in fines, suspensions of personnel or other sanctions, including censure, the issuance of cease-and-desist orders or the suspension or expulsion of a broker-dealer or investment adviser from registration or memberships. If the SEC or any other governmental authority, regulatory agency or similar body takes issue with our past practices, including, for example, past investment and co-investment activities, internal operating policies and procedures or arrangements with our people, including our senior advisors, we will be at risk for regulatory sanction. Even if an investigation or proceeding does not result in a significant sanction, the costs incurred in responding to such matters could be material. Further, the adverse publicity relating to the investigation, proceeding or imposition of these sanctions could harm our reputation and cause us to lose existing investors or clients or fail to attract new investors or clients, as well as discourage others from doing business with us. Some of our funds invest in businesses that operate in highly regulated industries. The regulatory regimes to which such businesses are subject may, among other things, condition our funds’ ability to invest in those businesses upon the satisfaction of applicable ownership restrictions or qualification requirements for receipt of regulatory approval. Obtaining regulatory approval is often a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome. Portfolio companies may be unable to obtain necessary regulatory approvals on a timely basis, if at all, and the failure to obtain such approvals may prevent our funds from consummating the applicable investments, which could materially and adversely affect their performance. Our failure to obtain or maintain any regulatory approvals necessary for our funds to invest in such industries may disqualify our funds from participating in certain investments or require our funds to divest certain assets. In recent years, the SEC and its staff have focused on issues relevant to global investment firms and have formed specialized units devoted to examining such firms and, in certain cases, bringing enforcement actions against the firms, their principals and their employees. Such actions and settlements involving U.S.-based private fund advisers generally have involved a number of issues, including the undisclosed allocation of the fees, costs and expenses related to unconsummated co-investment transactions (i.e., the allocation of broken-deal expenses), undisclosed legal fee arrangements affording the adviser greater discounts than those afforded to funds advised by such adviser, the undisclosed acceleration of certain special fees and the handling of material non-public information. We have in the past and may in the future be subject to SEC enforcement actions and settlements. Recent SEC focus areas have also included the use and compensation of, and disclosure regarding, operating partners or consultants, outside business activities of firm principals and employees, group purchasing arrangements, compliance with the SEC’s custody rule, compliance with the SEC’s 77 Table of Contents marketing rule, management fee calculations, use of affiliated service providers, general conflicts of interest disclosures and cybersecurity. We generally expect the SEC’s oversight of global investment firms to continue to focus on concerns related to transparency, investor disclosure practices, handling of material non-public information, fees and expenses, valuation, compliance policies and procedures and conflicts of interest, which could impact us in various ways. Although we have a robust compliance program in place, it is possible this enforcement activity will target practices that we believe are compliant and that were either previously examined without sanction or not targeted before. We regularly are subject to requests for information and informal or formal investigations by the SEC and other regulatory authorities, with which we routinely cooperate. For example, in October 2022, the Company received a document request from the SEC focusing on the use and retention of business-related electronic communications, which, as has been publicly reported, is part of an industry-wide review. The Company cooperated with the SEC’s investigation and reached a settlement, which was announced in January 2025. See Note 16, “Commitments and Contingencies—Legal Actions and Other Proceedings.” Various new regulations have been proposed and/or adopted over the past few years applicable to private fund advisers. These initiatives include: • Amendments to Regulation S-P adopted in May 2024 apply privacy safeguarding requirements directly to investment advisers that manage private funds. See “—Failure to maintain the security of our information and technology networks or data security breaches could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow.” • In February 2022, the SEC proposed rules that would have required investment advisers to adopt cybersecurity policies and procedures reasonably designed to address cybersecurity risks, implement monitoring and protections and disclose certain information about cybersecurity risks and incidents; however, that proposal was subsequently withdrawn and not adopted. Notwithstanding the withdrawal, the SEC continues to bring enforcement actions under existing authorities where registrants fail to develop and implement cybersecurity protections that it deems appropriate and adequate to protect against cybersecurity incidents. • The SEC adopted an expansion of the reporting obligations under Form PF and changes to the beneficial ownership reporting regime applicable to positions in public companies, which are expected to increase investment advisers’ data-gathering and disclosure obligations. These newly adopted or proposed rules are expected to increase compliance burdens and associated regulatory costs and complexity and impose limitations on our investing activities. In addition, even if not adopted, evaluating and responding to proposed rules could result in increased costs and require significant attention from management, and the new or proposed rules enhance the risk of regulatory action, which could adversely impact our reputation and our fundraising efforts, including as a result of public regulatory sanctions. We regularly rely on exemptions from various requirements of the Securities Act, Exchange Act, the Investment Company Act, the Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended, and the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, or “ERISA,” in conducting our asset management activities in the United States. If these exemptions were to become unavailable to us, we could become subject to regulatory action or third-party claims, and our business could be negatively impacted. Similarly, in conducting our asset management activities outside the United States, we generally rely on exemptions from the regulatory regimes of various foreign jurisdictions. Exemptions from U.S. and foreign regulations are often highly complex and may, in certain circumstances, depend on compliance by third parties we do not control. If these exemptions were to become unavailable to us, our business could be negatively impacted, as these regulations often serve to limit our activities and impose burdensome compliance requirements. See “Item 1. Business—Regulation and Compliance.” Moreover, the requirements imposed by our regulators are designed primarily to ensure the integrity of the financial markets and to protect our fund investors and not our stockholders. Changes in the U.S. political environment and financial regulatory changes in the United States could negatively impact our business. The current U.S. political environment and the resulting uncertainties regarding actual and potential shifts in U.S. foreign investment, trade, taxation, tariff, economic, environmental and other policies under the Trump administration could lead to disruption, instability and volatility in the global markets. The consequences of previously enacted legislation 78 Table of Contents could also impact our business operations in the future. For example, bipartisan legislation enacted in August 2018 has increased and may continue to significantly increase the number of transactions that are subject to the jurisdiction of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (“CFIUS”), which has the authority to review and potentially block or impose conditions on certain foreign investments in U.S. companies or real estate. CFIUS’ expanded jurisdiction may reduce the number of potential buyers of certain of our funds’ portfolio companies and thus limit the ability of our funds to exit from certain investments, as well as limit our flexibility in structuring or financing certain transactions. On August 16, 2022, the U.S. government enacted the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 which, among other things, includes changes to the U.S. corporate income tax system, including a 15% minimum tax based on “adjusted financial statement income” for certain large corporations and a 1% excise tax on share repurchases. Such changes could materially increase the taxes imposed on us or our funds’ portfolio companies. On July 4, 2025, the bill referred to as the “One Big Beautiful Bill Act” (the “OBBBA”) was enacted into law. The OBBBA resulted in significant changes to the Code, including changes to the taxation of international businesses, more favorable interest deductibility and accelerated asset depreciation. Certain aspects of the OBBBA are unclear and require substantial future guidance from the U.S. Department of the Treasury and other governmental agencies. See “—Risks Related to Taxation—Changes in relevant tax laws, regulations or treaties or an adverse interpretation of these items by tax authorities could negatively impact our effective tax rate and tax liability.” Further, negative public sentiment could lead to heightened scrutiny and criticisms of our business model generally, or our business and investments in particular. The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the “Dodd-Frank Act”), enacted in 2010, has imposed significant changes on almost every aspect of the U.S. financial services industry, including aspects of our business. On May 24, 2018, the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act (the “Reform Act”) was signed into law. The Reform Act amends various sections of the Dodd-Frank Act. The Reform Act and various other proposals focused on deregulation of the U.S. financial services industry could have the effect of increasing competition or otherwise reducing investment opportunities, which could negatively impact our business. For example, the U.S. Financial Stability Oversight Council (“FSOC”), created by the Dodd-Frank Act, has the authority to designate an asset management firm as a “systemically important financial institution” (“SIFI”). If we are designated as a SIFI, we would become subject to a variety of regulations, including capital requirements and limitations on leverage, which could adversely affect our ability to implement our investment strategies. Under applicable SEC rules, investment advisers are required to implement compliance policies designed, among other matters, to track campaign contributions by certain of the adviser’s employees and engagements of third parties that solicit government entities and to keep certain records to enable the SEC to determine compliance with the rule. In addition, there have been similar rules on a state level regarding “pay to play” practices by investment advisers. FINRA adopted its own set of “pay to play” regulations, which went into effect on August 20, 2017, that are similar to the SEC’s regulations. In addition, many pay to play regimes (including the SEC pay to play rule for investment advisers) impute the personal political activities of certain executives and employees, and in some instances their spouses and family members, to the manager for purposes of potential pay to play liability. The Dodd-Frank Act also imposes a regulatory structure on the “swaps” market, including requirements for clearing, exchange trading, capital, margin, reporting and recordkeeping. The SEC, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the “CFTC”) and other financial regulators have finalized many rules applicable to swap market participants, including business conduct standards for swap dealers, reporting and recordkeeping, mandatory clearing for certain swaps, exchange trading rules applicable to swaps, initial and variation margin requirements for uncleared swap transactions and regulatory requirements for cross-border swap activities. These requirements could reduce market liquidity and negatively impact our business, including by reducing our ability to enter swaps and other types of derivatives. The Dodd-Frank Act authorizes federal regulatory agencies to review and, in certain cases, prohibit compensation arrangements at financial institutions that give employees incentives to engage in conduct deemed to encourage inappropriate risk taking by covered financial institutions. In May 2016 and, more recently, in May 2024, the SEC and other federal regulatory agencies proposed a rule that would apply requirements on incentive-based compensation arrangements of “covered financial institutions,” including certain registered investment advisers and broker-dealers above a specific asset threshold. This, if adopted, could limit our ability to recruit and retain investment professionals and senior management executives. However, the proposed rule remains pending and may be subject to significant modifications. Furthermore, negative public sentiment could lead to heightened scrutiny and criticisms of our business model generally, or our business and investments in particular. For example, in June 2019, certain members of the U.S. Congress introduced the Stop Wall Street Looting Act of 2019, a comprehensive bill intended to fundamentally reform the private 79 Table of Contents equity industry. In August 2021, legislation was introduced in the Senate proposing to change the definition of carried interest. The “Ending the Carried Interest Loophole Act” proposed to close the tax rate differential between carried interests and ordinary income and accelerate the recognition and payment of tax on the receipt of carried interest and would have material impact on our business if enacted. Other potential changes in legislation or regulation may include higher corporate tax rate, greater scrutiny on the private equity industry or elimination of carried interest or limitations of the capital gains tax. If the proposed bills or parts thereof, or other similar legislation, were to become law, it could negatively impact us, our funds’ portfolio companies and our investors. Future legislation, regulation or guidance could negatively impact the fund industry generally and/or us specifically. Financial services and private funds may in the future be subject to further governmental scrutiny, an increase in regulatory investigations and/or enhanced regulation, including as a result of changes in the presidency or congressional leadership. Any changes in the regulatory framework applicable to our business, including the changes described above, may impose additional compliance and other costs on us, require the attention of our senior management or result in limitations on the manner in which we conduct our business, all of which could negatively impact our profitability. Changing regulations regarding derivatives, including commodity interest transactions, could negatively impact our business. The regulation of derivatives, including commodity interest transactions, in the United States and other jurisdictions, is an evolving area of law and is subject to ongoing modification by governmental, self-regulatory organization and judicial action. We and our affiliates enter into derivatives transactions for various purposes, including to manage the financial risks related to our business. Accordingly, the impact of this evolving regulatory regime on our business is difficult to predict, but it could be substantial and adverse. Managers of certain pooled investment vehicles with exposure to certain types of derivatives may be required to register with the CFTC as commodity pool operators and/or commodity trading advisors and become members of the National Futures Association (the “NFA”). As such, certain of our or our affiliates’ risk management or other commodity interest-related activities may be subject to CFTC oversight. To date, we have concluded that the covered activities in which our affiliates engage do not rise to the level of requiring the affiliates to register with the CFTC or become members of the NFA, and instead, these affiliates rely on exemptions from CFTC registration requirements. As part of ensuring the affiliates continue to be exempt from registration, we have instituted procedures to, as applicable, monitor our affiliates’ compliance with the requirements of exemptions on which they rely and comply with exemption renewal requirements. In the event that our affiliates no longer qualify for an exemption from registration, such affiliates could become subject to a wide range of other regulatory requirements, such as reporting, recordkeeping and operational requirements as well as periodic examinations. Newly instituted and amended regulations could significantly increase the cost of entering into derivative contracts (including through requirements to post collateral, which could negatively impact our available liquidity), materially alter the terms of derivative contracts, reduce the availability of derivatives to protect against risks that we encounter, reduce our ability to restructure our existing derivative contracts and increase our exposure to less creditworthy counterparties. If we reduce our use of derivatives as a result of such regulations (and any new regulations), our results of operations may become more volatile and our cash flows may be less predictable. Federal, state and foreign financial crime, trade and foreign investment laws applicable to us, our funds and our funds’ portfolio companies create the potential for significant liabilities and penalties, the inability to complete transactions and reputational harm. We are subject to a number of laws and regulations governing payments, offers and contributions to or for the benefit of public officials or other parties, including restrictions imposed by the FCPA. The FCPA prohibits bribery of foreign public officials, government employees and political party officials and requires public companies in the United States to keep books and records that accurately and fairly reflect their transactions. In addition, the U.S. Department of Commerce and the U.S. Department of State administer and enforce certain export control laws and regulations, and OFAC and the U.S. Department of State administer and enforce economic sanctions based on U.S. foreign policy and national security goals against targeted countries, jurisdictions, territories, regimes, entities, organizations and individuals. These laws and regulations relate to a number of aspects of our businesses, including servicing existing fund investors, finding new fund investors and sourcing new investments, as well as the activities of our funds’ portfolio companies. U.S. government regulators, including the U.S. Department of Justice, the SEC and OFAC, have devoted significant resources to enforcement of these laws. The U.S. government has also recently used sanctions and export controls to address broader 80 Table of Contents foreign and international economic policy goals, including with respect to certain industries and technologies. Moreover, the U.S. Department of Justice has also recently adopted updated guidance with respect to the FCPA, prioritizing national security links, including cartels and transnational criminal organizations. In September 2024, FinCEN published a rule requiring registered investment advisers and exempt reporting advisers to, among other measures, adopt an anti-money laundering program and file certain reports with FinCEN. The rule also delegates authority to the SEC to monitor compliance with these requirements. Although FinCEN has since delayed implementation of this rule, we expect our investment advisory business to be subject to additional anti-money laundering obligations in due course. Certain investments or divestments by our funds that involve a national security nexus may be subject to review and approval by CFIUS. The Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act (“FIRRMA”) and related regulations significantly expanded the types of transactions that are subject to the jurisdiction of CFIUS. Under FIRRMA, CFIUS has the authority to review and potentially block or impose conditions on certain foreign investments in U.S. companies or real estate. Such limitations and restrictions may prevent our funds from pursuing certain investments, cause delays with respect to consummating investments, require our funds to consummate an investment on terms that are less advantageous than would be the case absent such restrictions, reduce the number of potential buyers and/or limit the ability of our funds to exit from certain investments. Congress has also enacted the Protecting Americans’ Data from Foreign Adversaries Act of 2024, which establishes new restrictions on transfers of certain personally identifiable sensitive data to foreign adversary countries and entities controlled by a foreign adversary. Similarly, U.S. Department of Justice “Data Security Program” regulations issued pursuant to Executive Order 14117, “Preventing Access to Americans’ Bulk Sensitive Personal Data and United States Government-Related Data by Countries of Concern,” restrict, and in some cases prohibit, data transfers involving countries of concern or covered persons, including the People’s Republic of China (including Hong Kong and Macau), Russia, Iran, North Korea, Cuba and Venezuela, which involve certain U.S. government-related data and bulk human ‘omic, geolocation, biometric, health, financial and other sensitive personal data. The Data Security Program applies even to data that have been de-identified, anonymized or encrypted. Entities organized under laws of the United States as well as U.S. persons are restricted in their ability to provide access to such data to such countries as well as “covered persons” that have certain nexuses to such countries, and they are also required to prohibit foreign parties from making an “onward transfer” of such data to countries of concern and covered persons. These restrictions may inhibit or preclude our ability to fully realize the value of such data, to use such data effectively or efficiently or to engage in some data transactions that would otherwise be available to entities not subject to the Data Security Program. Effective January 2, 2025, the Treasury Department’s China-focused Outbound Investment Security Program requires notification of and, in some cases, prohibits certain investments by U.S. persons in companies that have a nexus to China and are involved in advanced technologies in the AI, semiconductor or quantum information sectors. These requirements, as may be amended or supplemented from time to time, may prevent our funds from pursuing or exiting certain investments. Non-U.S. anti-bribery, anti-corruption or anti-money laundering laws, economic sanctions or other export control laws may impose stricter or more onerous requirements than U.S. law, and compliance with such non-U.S. laws may disrupt our business or cause us to incur significantly more costs. A number of other countries, including countries where we and our funds’ portfolio companies maintain operations or conduct business, have also expanded significantly their enforcement activities, especially in the anti-corruption area. For example, in the U.K., we are subject to laws regarding the prevention of money laundering and the financing of terrorism as well as laws prohibiting bribery, facilitation of tax evasion and fraud. Differences between such U.S. and non-U.S. laws increase the risks and complexities of compliance and sometimes present actual conflicts of law (especially with respect to sanctions and export controls). We cannot predict the nature, scope or effect of future regulatory requirements to which we might be subject or the manner in which existing laws might be administered, interpreted or enforced. While we have developed and implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with applicable sanctions, anti-bribery, data transfer and export control laws, such policies and procedures may not be effective in all instances to prevent violations. Any determination that we have violated these laws could subject us to, among other things, civil and criminal penalties, material fines, profit disgorgement, injunctions on future conduct, securities litigation, disbarment and a general loss of investor confidence, any one of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. In addition, depending on the circumstances, we could be liable for violations of applicable anti-corruption, sanctions or export control laws committed by companies in which we or our funds 81 Table of Contents invest (including via successor liability). Our funds’ portfolio companies’ compliance policies and procedures may not prevent all instances of money laundering, bribery, dealings with sanctioned jurisdictions or parties or other prohibited transactions, including those arising from actions by employees, for which we or they might be held responsible. Allegations that our funds’ portfolio companies engaged in conduct that has violated anti-corruption, economic sanctions or export control laws could negatively impact us, create legal liability or cause reputational and business harm that could negatively impact a fund’s investments. If we fail to comply with this multitude of laws and regulations, even where conflicts of law arise, we could be exposed to claims for damages, civil or criminal penalties, reputational harm, incarceration of our employees, restrictions on our operations (including disbarment) and other liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. Regulatory initiatives in jurisdictions outside the United States could negatively impact our business. Similar to the United States, the current environment in non-U.S. jurisdictions in which we operate, in particular the EU, the U.K., India, Japan and Korea, has become subject to an expanding body of regulation. Governmental regulators and other authorities have proposed or implemented a number of initiatives and additional rules and regulations that could adversely affect our business. EU and U.K. Regulatory Framework. As described under “Item 1. Business—Regulation and Compliance,” our two entities authorized and regulated in the U.K., TPG Europe and AG Europe, are subject to various regulations. As our business continues to grow in Europe, these U.K. authorized entities may be brought within scope of new rules that apply to larger, more complex businesses, which may impose additional costs or restrictions on how those entities operate. Our funds established, or registered for marketing, in the EU or the U.K. are also subject to EU and U.K. legislation, including the Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (“AIFMD”). AIFMD imposes regulatory obligations on us principally with respect to the marketing of our funds to EU and U.K. investors. These regulatory requirements increase the costs and administrative burden of establishing and operating our funds. Ongoing legislative developments may impose further restrictions, costs and complexity. For example, AIFMD amendments to be implemented in April 2026 (under AIFMD II), will introduce new rules for funds managed or marketed in the EEA, including substantive requirements and restrictions on open-ended funds and funds that “originate loans.” These new requirements will impose additional costs on our business as we implement measures to comply with AIFMD II and will also impose new restrictions on how our European managed funds operate. In addition, certain of our funds’ portfolio companies are subject to EU and U.K. regulation that affect their business and, in the case of violations, could result in a range of sanctions. Anti-Money Laundering. During 2020, two new EU Anti-Money Laundering (“AML”) Directives came into force: the fifth AML EU Directive (“AMLD5”) and the sixth AML EU Directive (“AMLD6”). AMLD5 was implemented into U.K. law on January 10, 2020. The changes under AMLD5 include new, more stringent customer due diligence measures and reporting requirements. AMLD5 has added complexity to our internal processes and any perceived or actual shortcomings in our adoption of AMLD5 could create reputational and legal risks to our business. AMLD6 harmonizes the definition of money laundering across the EU, expands the number of offenses that fall under the definition of money laundering and extends criminal liability to include punishments for legal persons. Since the U.K.’s withdrawal from the EU, each of the U.K. and EU has continued to develop its own autonomous AML regulatory regimes. More recently, the EU has introduced the Anti-Money Laundering Regulation (“AMLR”), which was adopted in 2024 with the main provisions coming into force in 2027. Among other things, the AMLR creates a new EU AML Authority, which will begin direct supervision of some large institutions in the EU in 2028, and an EU-wide single rulebook. The divergence of applicable regulatory regimes increases the risks and complexities of compliance. Information Reporting Requirements. Many countries have significantly increased their information reporting regimes over the past few years. For example, in 2018 the EU Council adopted a directive imposing a reporting obligation on parties to transactions that may involve aggressive tax planning (“DAC6”). Foreign Direct Investment . A number of jurisdictions continue to establish or strengthen restrictions on foreign direct investment. These countries often authorize their heads of state and/or regulatory bodies to block or impose conditions on certain transactions, such as investments, acquisitions and divestitures, if they threaten national security. In addition, many jurisdictions restrict foreign investment in assets important to national security by taking steps such as limiting foreign equity investment, implementing investment screening or approval mechanisms and restricting foreigners from serving as key personnel. These laws could limit our funds’ ability to make or exit investments or impose burdensome notification requirements, operational restrictions or delays in pursuing and consummating transactions. 82 Table of Contents Hong Kong Security Law. The National People’s Congress of China passed a national security law (the “National Security Law”) in 2020 that criminalizes certain offenses, including secession, subversion of the Chinese government, terrorism and collusion with foreign entities. The National Security Law also applies to non-permanent residents. Although the extra-territorial reach of the National Security Law remains unclear, there is a risk that its application to conduct outside the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of China (“Hong Kong”) by non-permanent residents of Hong Kong could limit the activities of or negatively impact us, our funds and/or our funds’ portfolio companies. The United States, the U.K. and several EU countries have expressed concerns regarding the National Security Law. The United States and other countries may take action against China, its leaders and leaders of Hong Kong, which may include the imposition of sanctions or tariffs. Escalation of tensions resulting from the National Security Law, including conflict between China and other countries, protests and other government measures, as well as other economic, social or political unrest in the future, could negatively impact the security and stability of the region and have a material adverse effect on countries in which we, our funds and our funds’ portfolio companies or any of their respective personnel or assets are located. While we maintain offices in Hong Kong and our funds invest in portfolio companies that operate in Hong Kong or are currently or expected to be listed on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong (which investments comprise approximately 0.1% of our AUM), none of our funds invests exclusively in Hong Kong; our Hong Kong operations, including our personnel and investments, do not represent a significant portion of our business; and our portfolio companies do not generally engage in commercial practices that would implicate the National Security Law. Nevertheless, the aforementioned risks, including an expansionary application of the National Security Law in unpredictable circumstances by the Chinese authorities, and any downturn in Hong Kong’s economy could negatively impact the industries in which we participate, negatively impact our, our funds’ or their portfolio companies’ operations and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. See “—Risks Related to Our Business—Changes in China’s governmental policies could have an adverse effect on our business and operations.” Any perceived or actual failure to comply with data privacy and security laws and regulations could adversely affect our operating results and business. We and our funds’ portfolio companies collect personally identifiable information and other sensitive and confidential data as an integral part of our business processes. The interpretation and application of privacy laws or regulations in the United States, EU (and its member states), the U.K. and elsewhere is developing and sometimes uncertain, and increasingly laws or regulations in one country may be inconsistent with, or contrary to, those of another country. Federal, state and foreign government bodies or agencies have in the past adopted, and may in the future adopt, laws and regulations affecting data privacy. Any of our U.S. operations may be impacted by a growing movement to adopt comprehensive privacy and data protection laws similar to the GDPR. Our compliance obligations include those relating to U.S. data privacy and security laws such as the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (together, the “CCPA”), which provides for enhanced consumer protections for California residents, a private right of action with statutory damages for certain data breaches and statutory fines for other CCPA violations, as well as a requirement of “reasonable” cybersecurity. The CCPA generally applies to businesses that collect personal information about California consumers, and either meet certain thresholds with respect to revenue or buying and/or selling consumers’ personal information. The CCPA imposes stringent legal and operational obligations on such businesses as well as certain affiliated entities that share common branding. Additionally, if unauthorized access, acquisition, theft or disclosure of a consumer’s personal information occurs, and the business did not maintain reasonable security practices consistent with California law, consumers could file a civil action (including a class action) without having to prove actual damages. Statutory damages range from $100 to $750 per consumer per incident, or actual damages, whichever is greater. The California Attorney General also may impose civil penalties ranging from $2,500 to $7,500 per violation. Further, California has established a state agency focused on the enforcement of the CCPA, which is leading to greater levels of regulation and enforcement and greater costs related to compliance. Nearly twenty other states in the United States have either passed, proposed or are considering comprehensive privacy laws and regulations generally similar to the CCPA and GDPR (such as the Nevada Privacy of Information Collected on the Internet from Consumers Act, which became effective on October 1, 2021, the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act passed March 2, 2021, the Colorado Privacy Act passed on July 8, 2021, the Utah Consumer Privacy Act passed on March 24, 2022 and the Connecticut Data Privacy Act passed on May 10, 2022, all of which have become effective), which could impose similarly significant costs, potential liabilities and operational and legal obligations. Such laws and regulations vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, with certain provisions being materially different and more restrictive than provisions in California, thus further increasing costs, operational and legal burdens, as well as the potential for significant liability. 83 Table of Contents Many foreign countries and governmental bodies, including the EU, U.K. and other relevant jurisdictions where we and our funds’ portfolio companies conduct business, have laws and regulations concerning the collection and use of personally identifiable information and other data about individuals in those countries, or by businesses operating within those jurisdictions that are more restrictive than those in the United States. These more restrictive laws include the GDPR, the U.K. GDPR, the Hong Kong Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance and the Australian Privacy Act. Privacy and cybersecurity laws in Singapore, Japan, Korea, Dubai, Abu Dhabi, India and other jurisdictions may also impact data in those jurisdictions. Laws and regulations in China may require the localization of certain personally identifiable information, or other information, and may subject businesses operating in China to intrusive governmental inspections. These laws and regulations impose onerous privacy obligations on us in the United States and internationally. We potentially remain exposed to liability, particularly given the continued and rapid development of privacy laws and regulations around the world and increased enforcement action. Any inability, or perceived inability, by us or our funds’ portfolio companies to adequately address privacy concerns, or comply with applicable laws, regulations, policies, industry standards and guidance, contractual obligations, or other legal obligations, even if unfounded, could result in significant regulatory enforcement actions and liability (which could include civil or criminal penalties), third-party liability, litigation (including class claims), increased costs, disruption of our and our funds’ portfolio companies’ business and operations and loss of client (including investor) confidence and other reputational damage. Furthermore, as new privacy-related laws and regulations are implemented, the time and resources needed for us and our funds’ portfolio companies to comply continue to increase. Artificial Intelligence . In May 2024, the EU approved a new regulation on AI (the “EU AI Act”), parts of which have already taken effect and the remainder of which will take effect by August 2027. The EU AI Act is a legal framework that governs the development and deployment of AI in the EU. The framework bans certain uses of AI outright and imposes material obligations on both the providers and deployers of certain other AI activities. Violations are subject to potentially significant fines, and regulators have powers to remove non-compliant products from the EU market. The Colorado Artificial Intelligence Act and other U.S. statutes may also impact our ability to use AI, restrict innovations or result in liability for prohibited uses of AI technologies. Other jurisdictions, such as Canada and Brazil, are also considering similar legal frameworks. Risks Related to Taxation Our structure involves complex provisions of U.S. federal income tax law for which no clear precedent or authority may be available. Our structure is also subject to on-going future potential legislative, judicial or administrative change and differing interpretations, possibly on a retroactive basis. The U.S. federal income tax treatment of our structure and transactions undertaken by us depends in some instances on determinations of fact and interpretations of complex provisions of U.S. federal income tax law for which no clear precedent or authority may be available. The U.S. federal income tax rules are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process, the IRS and the U.S. Department of the Treasury, frequently resulting in revised interpretations of established concepts, statutory changes, revisions to regulations and other modifications and interpretations. For example, it is possible that future legislation increases the U.S. federal income tax rates applicable to corporations. No prediction can be made as to whether any particular proposed legislation will be enacted or, if enacted, what the specific provisions or the effective date of any such legislation would be, or whether it would have any effect on us. As such, we cannot assure our stockholders that future legislative, administrative or judicial developments will not result in an increase in the amount of U.S. tax payable by us, our funds, portfolio companies owned by our funds or by investors in our Class A common stock. If any such developments occur, our business, results of operation and cash flows could be adversely affected and such developments could have an adverse effect on our stockholders’ investment in our Class A common stock. Changes in relevant tax laws, regulations or treaties or an adverse interpretation of these items by tax authorities could negatively impact our effective tax rate and tax liability. Our effective tax rate and tax liability is based on the application of current income tax laws, regulations and treaties. These laws, regulations and treaties are complex, and the manner which they apply to us and our funds is sometimes open to interpretation. Significant management judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes, our deferred tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowance recorded against our net deferred tax assets. Although management believes its application of current laws, regulations and treaties to be correct and sustainable upon examination by the tax 84 Table of Contents authorities, the tax authorities could challenge our interpretation, resulting in additional tax liability or adjustment to our income tax provision that could increase our effective tax rate. Regarding the impact of our status as a corporation on our income taxes, see Note 12, “Income Taxes,” to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Tax laws, regulations or treaties newly enacted or enacted in the future may cause us to revalue our net deferred tax assets and have a material change to our effective tax rate and tax liabilities. For example, on August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (“IRA”) was enacted in the United States. The IRA, among other things, includes a 15% minimum tax on adjusted financial statement income of corporations with average annual adjusted financial statement income in excess of $1 billion over a three-year period, a 1% excise tax on stock repurchases and additional clean energy tax incentives. There are significant uncertainties relating to the application of the IRA. Although the IRS and Treasury have released certain guidance under the IRA, including proposed regulations and other guidance regarding the 15% minimum tax and final regulations regarding the 1% excise tax, significant uncertainties remain after such guidance was issued, and it is not clear when additional guidance will be issued or whether the proposed regulations will be finalized. The Company will continue to evaluate its future impact if additional guidance is issued by the U.S. Department of the Treasury. Moreover, the OBBBA was enacted into law in the United States on July 4, 2025. The OBBBA resulted in significant changes to the Code, including changes to the taxation of international businesses, more favorable interest deductibility and accelerated asset depreciation, as well as making certain temporary provisions of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act permanent. Certain aspects of the OBBBA are unclear and require substantial future guidance from the U.S. Department of the Treasury and other governmental agencies. In addition, the U.S. Congress could, in the future, revise or repeal the provisions in the OBBBA or enact other tax law changes, and we are unable to predict which, if any, U.S. tax reform proposals will be enacted into law, and what effects any enacted legislation might have on the Company. The U.S. Congress, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (the “OECD”) and other government agencies in jurisdictions in which we invest or do business remain focused on the taxation of organizations, such as TPG. The OECD, which represents a coalition of member countries, is contemplating changes to numerous longstanding tax principles through its base erosion and profit shifting (“BEPS”) project, which focuses on a number of issues, including profit shifting among affiliated entities in different jurisdictions, interest deductibility and eligibility for the benefits of double tax treaties. Several of the proposed measures, including measures relating to the deductibility of interest expense, local nexus requirements, transfer pricing, treaty qualification and hybrid instruments could potentially be relevant to some of our ownership structures and could have an adverse tax impact on us, our funds, investors and/or our funds’ portfolio companies. Some member countries have been moving forward on the BEPS agenda but, because the timing of implementation and the specific measures adopted will vary among participating states, significant uncertainty remains regarding the impact of the BEPS proposals. If implemented, these and other proposals could result in increased taxes on income from our investments and increased non-U.S. taxes on our management fees. In addition, on October 8, 2021, the OECD/G20 inclusive framework on BEPS (the “Inclusive Framework”) published a statement updating and finalizing the key components of a two-pillar plan on global tax reform under the BEPS project originally agreed on July 1, 2021, and a timetable for implementation. Under pillar one, a portion of the residual profits of multinational businesses with global turnover above €20 billion and a profit margin above 10% will be allocated to market countries where such allocated profits would be taxed, and under pillar two, the Inclusive Framework has agreed on a global minimum corporate tax rate of 15% for companies with revenue above €750 million, calculated on a country-by-country basis. Over 130 members of the Inclusive Framework are participating in the two-pillar plan. The OECD has published model rules and other guidance with respect to the two-pillar plan, and further additional guidance and commentary was published throughout 2024 and 2025 and most recently in January 2026. A number of jurisdictions, including the United Kingdom and certain European Union Member States, have introduced legislation to implement aspects of the pillar two proposals with effect from December 31, 2023 (broadly, the “income inclusion rule” and the “domestic top-up tax”) with further aspects introduced from December 31, 2024 (broadly, the “undertaxed payments rule”). As the pillar two proposals have partially taken effect in some, but not all, jurisdictions for the taxable year beginning on January 1, 2025, there is still uncertainty as to how the pillar two proposals will be applied evenly during this transition period. In particular, further to the statement released by the G7 on June 28, 2025 which confirmed that agreement has been reached concerning the operation of a “side-by-side” solution to the application of Pillar Two to U.S. parented groups, we will evaluate the Administrative Guidance published by the OECD on January 5, 2026 in relation to the side-by-side package and other matters (including safe harbors and other simplification measures). We are currently monitoring the developments of the two-pillar plan and are evaluating its potential impact on our financial results, though the implementation of any new legislation could negatively impact us, our funds, our funds’ portfolio companies and our investors. 85 Table of Contents Legislative changes have been proposed that would, if enacted, modify the tax treatment of partnership interests. If this or any similar legislation or regulation were to be enacted and apply to us, we could incur a substantial increase in our compensation costs and it could result in a reduction in the value of our Class A common stock. Under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the “TCJA”), investments must be held for more than three years, rather than the prior requirement of more than one year, for performance allocations to be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as capital gain. In connection with the enactment of the IRA, certain proposals were made, that if enacted, would have significantly extended the required holding period rules and the scope of the rules governing the taxation of certain performance allocations. While these proposals were not ultimately included in the IRA, those proposals, or other similar proposals, could be adopted pursuant to future legislation. The longer holding period requirement under the TCJA (or as may be enacted under any current future proposals) may result in some or all of our performance allocations being treated as short-term capital gain, which would materially increase the amount of taxes that our employees and other key personnel holding equity would be required to pay. In January 2021, the IRS released regulations implementing the performance allocation provisions that were enacted as part of the TCJA, but some uncertainties remain after such regulations were issued. Although most proposals regarding the taxation of performance allocations still require gain realization before applying short-term capital gain rates, legislation has been proposed that would assume a deemed annual return on performance allocations and tax that amount annually, with a true-up once the assets are sold. In addition, following the TCJA, the tax treatment of performance allocations has continued to be an area of focus for policymakers and government officials, which could result in a further regulatory action by federal or state governments. For example, certain states, including New York and California, have proposed legislation to levy additional state tax on performance allocations. Tax authorities and legislators in other jurisdictions that TPG has investments or employees in could clarify, modify or challenge their treatment of performance allocations. See “Risks Related to Our Industry—Changes in the U.S. political environment and financial regulatory changes in the United States could negatively impact our business.” We may be required to fund withholding tax upon certain exchanges of Common Units into shares of our Class A common stock (or, in certain cases, shares of our nonvoting Class A common stock) by non-U.S. holders. In the event of a transfer by a non-U.S. transferor of an interest in a partnership, the transferee generally must withhold tax in an amount equal to ten percent of the amount realized (as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes) by the transferor on such transfer absent an exception. Holders of Common Units may include non-U.S. holders. Pursuant to the A&R Exchange Agreement, a non-U.S. holder of Common Units is entitled to have such holder’s Common Units exchanged for cash from a substantially concurrent public offering or private sale (based on the closing price per share of the Class A common stock on the day before the pricing of such public offering or private sale (taking into account customary brokerage commissions or underwriting discounts actually incurred)) or (at our option) shares of our Class A common stock (or, in certain cases, shares of our nonvoting Class A common stock). To the extent withholding is required and we elect to deliver shares of our Class A common stock (or, in certain cases, shares of our nonvoting Class A common stock) rather than cash, we may not have sufficient cash to satisfy such withholding obligation, and we may be required to incur additional indebtedness or sell shares of our Class A common stock in the open market to raise additional cash in order to satisfy our withholding tax obligations. If the TPG Operating Group partnership were to become a publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we and the TPG Operating Group partnership might be subject to potentially significant tax inefficiencies, and we would not be able to recover payments previously made under the Tax Receivable Agreement even if the corresponding tax benefits were subsequently determined to have been unavailable due to such status. We intend to operate such that the TPG Operating Group partnership does not become a publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. A “publicly traded partnership” is a partnership the interests of which are traded on an established securities market or readily tradable on a secondary market or the substantial equivalent thereof. Under certain circumstances, exchanges of Common Units pursuant to the A&R Exchange Agreement or other transfers of Common Units could cause the TPG Operating Group partnership to be treated like a publicly traded partnership. From time to time, the U.S. Congress has considered legislation to change the tax treatment of partnerships and there can be no assurance that any such legislation will not be enacted or if enacted will not be adverse to us. If the TPG Operating Group partnership were to become a publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, significant tax inefficiencies might result for us and the TPG Operating Group partnership, including as a result of our inability to file a consolidated U.S. federal income tax return with the TPG Operating Group partnership. In addition, we may not be able to realize tax benefits covered under the Tax Receivable Agreement and would not be able to recover any payments previously made under the Tax Receivable Agreement, even if 86 Table of Contents the corresponding tax benefits (including any claimed increase in the tax basis of the TPG Operating Group partnership’s assets) were subsequently determined to have been unavailable. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None Item 1C. Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy We have adopted processes designed to identify, assess and manage material risks from cybersecurity threats. Those processes include risk assessments of internal and external threats to the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our data and systems along with other material risks to our operations. These risk assessments inform our cybersecurity program and the continued development of a layered set of controls aimed at preventing, detecting and responding to threats. Our administrative, organizational, technical and physical security controls include, but are not limited to, policies and procedures, system hardening vulnerability scanning and patching, employee training and awareness, third-party risk management processes, backup and recovery processes, access controls, data encryption in transit and at rest, network perimeter controls and identity verification. When we engage service providers who will have access to sensitive data or our systems and facilities, our Cybersecurity team assesses each service provider’s administrative and technical security controls. In addition, as appropriate, we seek to include provisions in our service provider agreements that address our requirements as well as industry best practices related to data and cybersecurity, as well as our rights to assess, monitor, audit and test such service providers’ cybersecurity programs and practices. We also have policies and controls in place designed to detect and respond to cybersecurity events, including an incident response plan, an incident response team with dedicated roles and responsibilities for assessing and responding to a cybersecurity event, system logging and ongoing monitoring, and periodic training exercises simulating cybersecurity events that are designed to raise awareness and test our team’s response readiness capabilities. The nature, scope and effectiveness of these controls are regularly reviewed through a series of internal and external processes. The Cybersecurity team performs both automated monitoring on a continuous basis and manual reviews of key controls. We also conduct annual assessments of our cybersecurity program using industry standard cybersecurity frameworks, such as the NIST Cybersecurity Framework, as benchmarks to perform our evaluation. This does not imply that we fully meet any particular industry standards, specifications or requirements. In addition, independent reviews of our cybersecurity control effectiveness are conducted by TPG’s Internal Audit team on a periodic basis. We also engage external providers to conduct periodic external assessments, including penetration testing. Governance We have established an Enterprise Risk Committee (“ERC”) to manage overall risk across the Company including cybersecurity risks identified by the Cybersecurity team; the ERC includes representatives from relevant functions and is led by our CEO. We have also established an Operational Risk Committee (“ORC”) which is responsible for applying the policy decisions of the ERC. Operational responsibility for ensuring the adequacy and effectiveness of our cybersecurity risk management, control and governance processes is assigned to our Chief Information Security Officer (“CISO”), who periodically reports, among other things, potentially material cybersecurity incidents to the ORC and reports to the ERC at least annually. The Cybersecurity team also regularly coordinates with other key stakeholders within the firm, including Compliance, Human Resources, Internal Audit and Legal. The CISO leads the Company’s Cybersecurity team, which is responsible for implementing, maintaining and enforcing our cybersecurity program. Our CISO previously held various leadership roles within the Technology Risk department of one of the world’s largest banking institutions over a 17-year period. He holds a Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering and Mathematics from the University of Texas at Arlington and is a Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP). Our Cybersecurity team possesses a variety of cybersecurity skill sets and extensive expertise obtained through decades of experience, numerous industry certifications, and advanced degrees. The Cybersecurity team continues to take steps to maintain up-to-date knowledge of evolving cybersecurity threats and countermeasures. 87 Table of Contents The Audit Committee of our Board of Directors has primary oversight over our cybersecurity program. The CISO reports at least annually to the Audit Committee and such report may address overall assessment of the Company’s compliance with our cybersecurity policies, including risk assessment, risk management and control decisions, service provider arrangements, test results, security incidents and responses, and recommendations for changes and updates to policies and procedures. As of the date of this report, we are not aware of any risks from cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any previous cybersecurity incidents, that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect us, including our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition. Cyber criminals do, however, target TPG and our employees and service providers. Ongoing or future attacks such as these could have impacts on TPG’s operations. For additional information on these ongoing risks please refer to “Part 1.

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
components of a two-pillar plan on global tax reform under the BEPS project originally agreed on July 1, 2021, and a timetable for implementation. Under pillar one, a portion of the residual profits of multinational businesses with global turnover above €20 billion and a profit margin above 10% will be allocated to market countries where such allocated profits would be taxed, and under pillar two, the Inclusive Framework has agreed on a global minimum corporate tax rate of 15% for companies with revenue above €750 million, calculated on a country-by-country basis. Over 130 members of the Inclusive Framework are participating in the two-pillar plan. The OECD has published model rules and other guidance with respect to the two-pillar plan, and further additional guidance and commentary was published throughout 2024 and 2025 and most recently in January 2026. A number of jurisdictions, including the United Kingdom and certain European Union Member States, have introduced legislation to implement aspects of the pillar two proposals with effect from December 31, 2023 (broadly, the “income inclusion rule” and the “domestic top-up tax”) with further aspects introduced from December 31, 2024 (broadly, the “undertaxed payments rule”). As the pillar two proposals have partially taken effect in some, but not all, jurisdictions for the taxable year beginning on January 1, 2025, there is still uncertainty as to how the pillar two proposals will be applied evenly during this transition period. In particular, further to the statement released by the G7 on June 28, 2025 which confirmed that agreement has been reached concerning the operation of a “side-by-side” solution to the application of Pillar Two to U.S. parented groups, we will evaluate the Administrative Guidance published by the OECD on January 5, 2026 in relation to the side-by-side package and other matters (including safe harbors and other simplification measures). We are currently monitoring the developments of the two-pillar plan and are evaluating its potential impact on our financial results, though the implementation of any new legislation could negatively impact us, our funds, our funds’ portfolio companies and our investors. 85 Table of Contents Legislative changes have been proposed that would, if enacted, modify the tax treatment of partnership interests. If this or any similar legislation or regulation were to be enacted and apply to us, we could incur a substantial increase in our compensation costs and it could result in a reduction in the value of our Class A common stock. Under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the “TCJA”), investments must be held for more than three years, rather than the prior requirement of more than one year, for performance allocations to be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as capital gain. In connection with the enactment of the IRA, certain proposals were made, that if enacted, would have significantly extended the required holding period rules and the scope of the rules governing the taxation of certain performance allocations. While these proposals were not ultimately included in the IRA, those proposals, or other similar proposals, could be adopted pursuant to future legislation. The longer holding period requirement under the TCJA (or as may be enacted under any current future proposals) may result in some or all of our performance allocations being treated as short-term capital gain, which would materially increase the amount of taxes that our employees and other key personnel holding equity would be required to pay. In January 2021, the IRS released regulations implementing the performance allocation provisions that were enacted as part of the TCJA, but some uncertainties remain after such regulations were issued. Although most proposals regarding the taxation of performance allocations still require gain realization before applying short-term capital gain rates, legislation has been proposed that would assume a deemed annual return on performance allocations and tax that amount annually, with a true-up once the assets are sold. In addition, following the TCJA, the tax treatment of performance allocations has continued to be an area of focus for policymakers and government officials, which could result in a further regulatory action by federal or state governments. For example, certain states, including New York and California, have proposed legislation to levy additional state tax on performance allocations. Tax authorities and legislators in other jurisdictions that TPG has investments or employees in could clarify, modify or challenge their treatment of performance allocations. See “Risks Related to Our Industry—Changes in the U.S. political environment and financial regulatory changes in the United States could negatively impact our business.” We may be required to fund withholding tax upon certain exchanges of Common Units into shares of our Class A common stock (or, in certain cases, shares of our nonvoting Class A common stock) by non-U.S. holders. In the event of a transfer by a non-U.S. transferor of an interest in a partnership, the transferee generally must withhold tax in an amount equal to ten percent of the amount realized (as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes) by the transferor on such transfer absent an exception. Holders of Common Units may include non-U.S. holders. Pursuant to the A&R Exchange Agreement, a non-U.S. holder of Common Units is entitled to have such holder’s Common Units exchanged for cash from a substantially concurrent public offering or private sale (based on the closing price per share of the Class A common stock on the day before the pricing of such public offering or private sale (taking into account customary brokerage commissions or underwriting discounts actually incurred)) or (at our option) shares of our Class A common stock (or, in certain cases, shares of our nonvoting Class A common stock). To the extent withholding is required and we elect to deliver shares of our Class A common stock (or, in certain cases, shares of our nonvoting Class A common stock) rather than cash, we may not have sufficient cash to satisfy such withholding obligation, and we may be required to incur additional indebtedness or sell shares of our Class A common stock in the open market to raise additional cash in order to satisfy our withholding tax obligations. If the TPG Operating Group partnership were to become a publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we and the TPG Operating Group partnership might be subject to potentially significant tax inefficiencies, and we would not be able to recover payments previously made under the Tax Receivable Agreement even if the corresponding tax benefits were subsequently determined to have been unavailable due to such status. We intend to operate such that the TPG Operating Group partnership does not become a publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. A “publicly traded partnership” is a partnership the interests of which are traded on an established securities market or readily tradable on a secondary market or the substantial equivalent thereof. Under certain circumstances, exchanges of Common Units pursuant to the A&R Exchange Agreement or other transfers of Common Units could cause the TPG Operating Group partnership to be treated like a publicly traded partnership. From time to time, the U.S. Congress has considered legislation to change the tax treatment of partnerships and there can be no assurance that any such legislation will not be enacted or if enacted will not be adverse to us. If the TPG Operating Group partnership were to become a publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, significant tax inefficiencies might result for us and the TPG Operating Group partnership, including as a result of our inability to file a consolidated U.S. federal income tax return with the TPG Operating Group partnership. In addition, we may not be able to realize tax benefits covered under the Tax Receivable Agreement and would not be able to recover any payments previously made under the Tax Receivable Agreement, even if 86 Table of Contents the corresponding tax benefits (including any claimed increase in the tax basis of the TPG Operating Group partnership’s assets) were subsequently determined to have been unavailable. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None Item 1C. Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy We have adopted processes designed to identify, assess and manage material risks from cybersecurity threats. Those processes include risk assessments of internal and external threats to the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our data and systems along with other material risks to our operations. These risk assessments inform our cybersecurity program and the continued development of a layered set of controls aimed at preventing, detecting and responding to threats. Our administrative, organizational, technical and physical security controls include, but are not limited to, policies and procedures, system hardening vulnerability scanning and patching, employee training and awareness, third-party risk management processes, backup and recovery processes, access controls, data encryption in transit and at rest, network perimeter controls and identity verification. When we engage service providers who will have access to sensitive data or our systems and facilities, our Cybersecurity team assesses each service provider’s administrative and technical security controls. In addition, as appropriate, we seek to include provisions in our service provider agreements that address our requirements as well as industry best practices related to data and cybersecurity, as well as our rights to assess, monitor, audit and test such service providers’ cybersecurity programs and practices. We also have policies and controls in place designed to detect and respond to cybersecurity events, including an incident response plan, an incident response team with dedicated roles and responsibilities for assessing and responding to a cybersecurity event, system logging and ongoing monitoring, and periodic training exercises simulating cybersecurity events that are designed to raise awareness and test our team’s response readiness capabilities. The nature, scope and effectiveness of these controls are regularly reviewed through a series of internal and external processes. The Cybersecurity team performs both automated monitoring on a continuous basis and manual reviews of key controls. We also conduct annual assessments of our cybersecurity program using industry standard cybersecurity frameworks, such as the NIST Cybersecurity Framework, as benchmarks to perform our evaluation. This does not imply that we fully meet any particular industry standards, specifications or requirements. In addition, independent reviews of our cybersecurity control effectiveness are conducted by TPG’s Internal Audit team on a periodic basis. We also engage external providers to conduct periodic external assessments, including penetration testing. Governance We have established an Enterprise Risk Committee (“ERC”) to manage overall risk across the Company including cybersecurity risks identified by the Cybersecurity team; the ERC includes representatives from relevant functions and is led by our CEO. We have also established an Operational Risk Committee (“ORC”) which is responsible for applying the policy decisions of the ERC. Operational responsibility for ensuring the adequacy and effectiveness of our cybersecurity risk management, control and governance processes is assigned to our Chief Information Security Officer (“CISO”), who periodically reports, among other things, potentially material cybersecurity incidents to the ORC and reports to the ERC at least annually. The Cybersecurity team also regularly coordinates with other key stakeholders within the firm, including Compliance, Human Resources, Internal Audit and Legal. The CISO leads the Company’s Cybersecurity team, which is responsible for implementing, maintaining and enforcing our cybersecurity program. Our CISO previously held various leadership roles within the Technology Risk department of one of the world’s largest banking institutions over a 17-year period. He holds a Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering and Mathematics from the University of Texas at Arlington and is a Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP). Our Cybersecurity team possesses a variety of cybersecurity skill sets and extensive expertise obtained through decades of experience, numerous industry certifications, and advanced degrees. The Cybersecurity team continues to take steps to maintain up-to-date knowledge of evolving cybersecurity threats and countermeasures. 87 Table of Contents The Audit Committee of our Board of Directors has primary oversight over our cybersecurity program. The CISO reports at least annually to the Audit Committee and such report may address overall assessment of the Company’s compliance with our cybersecurity policies, including risk assessment, risk management and control decisions, service provider arrangements, test results, security incidents and responses, and recommendations for changes and updates to policies and procedures. As of the date of this report, we are not aware of any risks from cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any previous cybersecurity incidents, that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect us, including our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition. Cyber criminals do, however, target TPG and our employees and service providers. Ongoing or future attacks such as these could have impacts on TPG’s operations. For additional information on these ongoing risks please refer to “Part 1.

