TICKER: TPVG
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chains, many of which are concentrated in Asia. Any significant disruption to these supply chains could have an outsized adverse effect on our portfolio companies relative to companies in less globally integrated industries. The recent technological advances in AI pose risks to the Company, the Adviser, and our portfolio investments. The Company and our portfolio investments could also be exposed to the risks of AI if third-party service providers or any counterparties, whether or not known to the Company, also use AI in their business activities. We and our portfolio companies may not be in a position to control the use of AI technology in third-party products or services. Use of AI could include the input of confidential information in contravention of applicable policies, contractual or other obligations or restrictions, resulting in such confidential information becoming part accessible by other third-party AI applications and users. While the Adviser does not currently use AI to make investment recommendations, the use of AI could also exacerbate or create new and unpredictable risks to our business, the Adviser’s business, and the business of our portfolio companies, including by potentially significantly disrupting the markets in which we and our portfolio companies operate or subjecting us, our portfolio companies and the Adviser to increased competition and regulation, which could materially and adversely affect business, financial condition or results of operations of us, our portfolio companies and the Adviser. In addition, the use of AI by bad actors could heighten the sophistication and effectiveness of cyber and security attacks experienced by our portfolio companies and the Adviser. 42 Independent of its context of use, AI technology is generally highly reliant on the collection and analysis of large amounts of data, and it is not possible or practicable to incorporate all relevant data into the model that AI technology utilizes to operate. Certain data in such models will inevitably contain a degree of inaccuracy and error—potentially materially so—and could otherwise be inadequate or flawed, which would be likely to degrade the effectiveness of AI technology. To the extent that we or our portfolio investments are exposed to the risks of AI use, any such inaccuracies or errors could have adverse impacts on the Company or our investments. AI technology and its applications, including in the private investment and financial sectors, continue to develop rapidly, and it is impossible to predict the future risks that may arise from such developments. In addition, the rapid development and deployment of AI by third parties, including our portfolio companies’ competitors, could disrupt the markets and business models in which our portfolio companies operate, lower barriers to entry in their industries, and increase competitive pressures in ways that are difficult to predict. Portfolio companies that fail to adapt to AI-driven changes in their industries could experience deteriorating competitive positions, reduced revenue, and impaired ability to service our loans. Furthermore, evolving AI-related legal and regulatory requirements—including potential AI-specific legislation, the application of existing intellectual property, data privacy and consumer protection laws to AI activities, and international regulatory divergence—may impose compliance costs and operational restrictions on our portfolio companies that adversely affect their businesses and our investment returns. We may be subject to risks associated with our investments in unitranche secured loans and securities. We may invest in unitranche secured loans, which are a combination of senior secured and junior secured debt in the same facility in which we syndicate a “first out” portion of the loan to an investor and retain a “last out” portion of the loan, whereby the “first out” tranche will have priority as any “last out” tranche with respect to payments of principal, interest and any other amounts due thereunder. Unitranche secured loans provide all of the debt needed to finance a leveraged buyout or other corporate transaction, both senior and junior, but generally in a first lien position, while the borrower generally pays a blended, uniform interest rate rather than different rates for different tranches. Unitranche secured debt generally requires payments of both principal and interest throughout the life of the loan. Generally, we expect these securities to carry a blended yield that is between senior secured and junior debt interest rates. Unitranche secured loans provide a number of advantages for borrowers, including the following: simplified documentation, greater certainty of execution and reduced decision-making complexity throughout the life of the loan. In some cases, a portion of the total interest may accrue or be paid in kind. Because unitranche secured loans combine characteristics of senior and junior financing, unitranche secured loans have risks similar to the risks associated with senior secured and second lien loans and junior debt in varying degrees according to the combination of loan characteristics of the unitranche secured loan and which tranche is being held. Our portfolio may lack diversification among portfolio companies which may subject us to a risk of significant loss if one or more of these companies default on their obligations under any of their debt instruments. Our portfolio consists of a limited number of portfolio companies. Beyond the asset diversification requirements associated with our qualification as a RIC under the Code and any concentration limitations we have agreed to or may agree to be subject to as part of the Credit Facility or any future financing arrangement or other indebtedness, we do not have fixed guidelines for diversification, and our investments may be concentrated in relatively few industries or companies. As our portfolio may be less diversified than the portfolios of other investment vehicles, we may be more susceptible to failure if a single loan fails. Similarly, the aggregate returns we realize may be significantly adversely affected if a small number of investments perform poorly or if we need to write down the value of any one investment. Our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows would be negatively affected if a significant portfolio investment fails to perform as expected. Our total investment in an individual company may be significant. As a result, if a significant investment fails to perform as expected, it may be subject to multiple credit rating downgrades on our internal rating scale within a short period of time. As a result of such deterioration in the performance of a significant investment, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be more negatively affected and the magnitude of the loss could be more significant than if we had made smaller investments in more companies. Our concentration in  technology sectors may amplify these risks, as U.S. tariff and trade policy changes and macroeconomic disruptions may disproportionately affect technology companies and the venture capital ecosystem that supports them, potentially causing simultaneous losses across multiple portfolio companies. 43 Our investment strategy includes a primary focus on venture capital-backed companies, which are subject to many risks, including dependence on the need to raise additional capital, volatility, intense competition, shortened product life cycles, changes in regulatory and governmental programs, periodic downturns, and below investment grade ratings, which could cause you to lose all or part of your investment in us. We invest primarily in venture growth stage companies, many of which may have narrow product lines and small market shares, which tend to render them more vulnerable to competitors’ actions and market conditions, as well as to general economic downturns, compared to more mature companies. The revenues, income (or losses), and projected financial performance and valuations of venture capital-backed companies can and often do fluctuate suddenly and dramatically. For these reasons, investments in our portfolio companies, if rated by one or more ratings agency, would typically be rated below “investment grade,” which refers to securities rated by ratings agencies below the four highest rating categories. The venture capital-backed companies that we primarily target may be geographically concentrated and are therefore highly susceptible to materially negative local, political, natural and economic events. In addition, high growth industries are generally characterized by abrupt business cycles and intense competition. Overcapacity in high growth industries, together with cyclical economic downturns, may result in substantial decreases in the value of many venture capital-backed companies and/or their ability to meet their current and projected financial performance to service our debt. Furthermore, venture capital-backed companies also typically rely on venture capital and private equity investors, or initial public offerings, or sales for additional capital. Venture capital firms in turn rely on their limited partners to pay in capital over time in order to fund their ongoing and future investment activities. To the extent that venture capital firms’ limited partners are unable or choose not to fulfill their ongoing funding obligations, the venture capital firms may be unable to continue operationally and/or financially supporting the ongoing operations of our portfolio companies, which could have a material adverse impact on our financing arrangement with our portfolio companies. The prolonged period of reduced IPO and M&A exit activity since 2022 has resulted in a significant decline in distributions from venture capital funds to their limited partners. As a result, many venture capital funds may be operating well beyond their originally contemplated fund lifecycles, and their general partners may face growing pressure from limited partners to return capital, wind down funds, or pursue secondary sales of portfolio company positions. These dynamics may reduce the willingness and ability of venture capital sponsors to make follow-on investments in our portfolio companies at critical junctures. Furthermore, reduced distributions from venture capital funds may impair limited partners’ ability to satisfy future capital calls, increasing the risk of limited partner default events that could further disrupt the financial support available to our portfolio companies. These companies, their industries, their products and customer demand and the outlook and competitive landscape for their industries are all subject to change, which could have a material adverse impact on their ability to execute their business plans and generate cash flow or raise additional capital that would serve as the basis for repayment of our loans. Therefore, the venture capital-backed companies in which we invest may face considerably more risk of loss than do companies at other stages of development. Some of our portfolio companies may need additional capital, which may not be readily available. Venture capital-backed companies may require additional equity financing if their cash flow from operating activities is insufficient to satisfy their continuing growth, working capital and other requirements. Each round of venture financing is typically intended to provide a venture capital-backed company with only enough capital to reach the next stage of development. We cannot predict the circumstances or market conditions under which our venture capital-backed portfolio companies will seek additional capital. It is possible that one or more of our portfolio companies will not be able to raise additional financing or may be able to do so only at a price or on terms unfavorable to us, either of which would negatively impact our investment returns, the fair value of our portfolio and our ability to restructure our investments. Some of these companies may be unable to obtain sufficient financing from private investors, public or private capital markets or traditional lenders. This may have a significant impact if the companies are unable to obtain certain federal, state or foreign agency approval for their products or the marketing thereof, or if regulatory review processes extend longer than anticipated and the companies need continued funding for their operations during these times. Accordingly, financing these types of companies may entail a higher risk of loss than would financing companies that are able to utilize traditional credit sources. In the current economic environment, additional rounds of financing may be completed at lower valuations than prior rounds (commonly referred to as “down rounds”), which may dilute or eliminate the value of equity securities and warrant positions we hold in portfolio companies and may also reduce the equity cushion supporting the repayment of our debt investments. Elevated interest rates, reduced risk appetite among institutional investors, and macroeconomic uncertainty driven in part by U.S. tariff and trade policy actions have contributed to valuation resets for technology companies, and there is no assurance that prior valuation levels will be restored. Furthermore, the reduced capacity of venture capital sponsors to support portfolio companies—whether due to limited partner liquidity constraints, fund lifecycle pressures, or reduced new fund formation—may limit the availability of follow-on equity financing at any price. Our existing and/or future portfolio companies may not draw on any of our unfunded obligations or may draw our outstanding unfunded obligations at a time when our capital is not readily available. A commitment to extend credit is a formal agreement to lend funds to our portfolio companies as long as there is no violation of any condition established under the agreement. The actual borrowing needs of our portfolio companies under these commitments have historically been lower than the contractual amount of the commitments. A portion of these commitments expire without being drawn upon, and as such, the total amount of unfunded commitments does not reflect our expected future cash funding requirements. 44 As of December 31, 2025, our unfunded commitments totaled $260.4 million to 25 portfolio companies. Our credit agreements generally contain customary lending provisions that allow us relief from funding obligations for previously made commitments in instances where the underlying company experiences material adverse events that affect the financial condition or business outlook for the company. We cannot assure you that any of these unfunded commitments or any future obligations will be drawn by our portfolio companies. We have also entered into commitments with certain portfolio companies that permit an increase in the commitment amount in the future in the event that conditions to such increases are met. If such conditions to increase are met, these amounts may become unfunded commitments if not drawn prior to expiration. As of December 31, 2025, we had a $0.3 million backlog of potential future commitments. The actual borrowing needs of our portfolio companies may exceed our expected funding requirements, especially during a challenging economic environment when our portfolio companies may be more dependent on our credit commitments due to the lack of available credit elsewhere, an increasing cost of credit or the limited availability of financing from venture capital firms. In a sustained high interest rate environment, portfolio companies may draw on unfunded commitments at accelerated rates as alternative sources of capital become more expensive or unavailable, potentially requiring us to fund commitments at a time when our own cost of capital is elevated and market conditions are challenging. The macroeconomic uncertainty created by recent U.S. tariff and trade policy actions may similarly accelerate draw requests as portfolio companies seek to preserve liquidity in the face of increased operating costs and revenue uncertainty. In addition, investors in some of our portfolio companies may fail to meet their underlying investment commitments due to liquidity or other financing issues, which may increase our portfolio companies’ borrowing needs. Any failure to meet our unfunded credit commitments in accordance with the actual borrowing needs of our portfolio companies may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We intend to use cash flow from normal and early principal repayments, indebtedness, any proceeds from any subsequent equity or debt offerings, and available cash to fund our outstanding unfunded obligations. However, there can be no assurance that we will have sufficient capital available to fund these commitments as they become due. We may rely on assumptions, estimates, assurances and other information related to potential non-utilization of unfunded commitments by our portfolio companies as well as related to potential exit events, principal prepayments, and fee payments. To the extent these assumptions, estimates, assurances and other information are incorrect or events are delayed, we may not be able to fund commitments as they become due. To the extent we are not able to fund commitments as they come due, we may be forced to sell assets, modify the terms of our commitments or default on our commitments, and as a result, our business could be materially and adversely affected. Unlike traditional lenders, we offer a flexible payment and covenant structure to our portfolio companies and may choose not to take advantage of certain opportunities due to our long-term investment philosophy to develop and maintain deep and longstanding relationships with TPC’s select group of leading venture capital investors, borrowers and entrepreneurs and to preserve our reputation. As part of the Four Rs, our core investment philosophy, we seek to develop and maintain deep and longstanding relationships with TPC’s select group of leading venture capital investors, borrowers and entrepreneurs and to preserve our reputation. Accordingly, our debt-financing products generally offer borrowers a flexible payment and covenant structure that may not provide us with the same level of protection as more restrictive conditions that traditional lenders typically impose on borrowers. Furthermore, there may be situations with borrowers on our Credit Watch List where we believe that a member of TPC’s select group of venture capital investors intends to, expresses their intent to, or provides subject to milestones or contingencies, continued support, assistance and/or financial commitment to the borrower and our Adviser, based on such representation, may determine to modify or waive a provision or term of our existing loan which we would otherwise be entitled to enforce. The terms of any such modification or waiver may not be as favorable to us as we could have required, or had the right to require, and we may choose to enforce less vigorously our rights and remedies under our loans than would traditional lenders due to our investment philosophy to preserve our reputation and maintain a strong relationship with the applicable venture capital investor or borrower based on their representations made to us. If our portfolio companies are unable to protect their intellectual property rights, our business and prospects could be harmed. If our portfolio companies are required to devote significant resources to protecting their intellectual property rights, then the value of our investment could be reduced. Our future success and competitive position depend in part upon the ability of our venture capital-backed portfolio companies to obtain and maintain proprietary technology used in their products and services, which will often represent a significant portion of the collateral securing our loans. Venture capital-backed companies will rely, in part, on patent, trade secret and trademark law to protect that technology, but competitors may misappropriate their intellectual property, and disputes as to ownership of intellectual property may arise. Venture capital-backed companies may have also failed to properly obtain intellectual property ownership that, under intellectual property laws, by default resides with the personnel who created the intellectual property. Consequently, venture capital-backed companies may, from time to time, be required to institute litigation in order to enforce their patents, copyrights or other intellectual property rights, to protect their trade secrets, to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others or to defend against claims of infringement. Such litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources. Similarly, if a portfolio company is found to infringe upon or misappropriate a third party’s patent or other proprietary rights, that company could be required to pay damages to such third party, alter its own products or processes, obtain a license from the third party and/or cease activities utilizing such proprietary rights, including making or selling products utilizing such proprietary rights. Any of the foregoing events could negatively affect both the company’s ability to service our debt obligation and the value of any equity securities that we own, as well as any collateral securing our obligation. 45 The emergence of AI tools has created new and evolving categories of intellectual property risk for our portfolio companies. AI training processes may incorporate third-party copyrighted or proprietary materials without authorization, potentially exposing our portfolio companies to infringement claims. The ownership of AI-generated outputs and inventions remains unsettled under current intellectual property law in the United States and internationally, and our portfolio companies may be unable to secure enforceable intellectual property rights in AI-generated content, inventions, or processes. These developments could adversely affect the competitive position, operations, and collateral value of our portfolio company investments and may result in material litigation costs and adverse judgments. We and our service providers face significant cybersecurity and data privacy risks; our relationship with certain portfolio companies may also expose us to trade secrets and confidential information, unauthorized access or disclosure of which could expose us to regulatory action, litigation, reputational harm, and material operational disruption. Our relationship with some of our portfolio companies may expose us to our portfolio companies’ trade secrets and confidential information (including transactional data and personal data about their employees and clients) that may require us to be parties to non-disclosure agreements and restrict us from engaging in certain transactions. Unauthorized access or disclosure of such information may occur, resulting in theft, loss or other misappropriation. Any theft, loss, or improper use, such as insider trading or other misappropriation of confidential information could have a material adverse impact on our competitive positions, our relationship with our portfolio companies and our reputation and could subject us to regulatory inquiries, enforcement and fines, civil litigation and possible financial liability or costs. We and our Adviser, Administrator, and third-party service providers rely extensively on computer systems and networks to conduct our business, manage our investments, and safeguard our data. The frequency and sophistication of cyberattacks—including ransomware, phishing, social engineering, and AI-enabled attacks—has increased significantly. Threat actors are increasingly using AI tools to conduct more sophisticated and harder-to-detect attacks, including AI-generated impersonations of senior executives to authorize fraudulent wire transfers (“deepfake” fraud), AI-powered automated exploitation of system vulnerabilities, and highly personalized phishing campaigns generated at scale. A successful cyberattack could result in the following, without limitation: the theft, corruption, or unauthorized disclosure of confidential, proprietary, or personal information; operational disruptions impairing our ability to conduct business or access investment records; fraudulent wire transfers or other financial losses; misstated or unreliable financial data; significant remediation and insurance costs; regulatory investigations and fines; reputational harm; and litigation. No assurance can be given that our cybersecurity mitigation efforts or those of our service providers will be effective in preventing all such incidents. We are subject to an expanding and complex body of data privacy laws and regulations, including the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), the New York SHIELD Act, and, with respect to certain of our foreign portfolio company activities and investors, the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) and U.K. GDPR. These laws and regulations impose requirements relating to data collection, processing, storage, and transfer, and provide for significant civil and regulatory penalties for non-compliance. Applicable requirements are evolving and may conflict across jurisdictions, and compliance with new or modified privacy requirements may impose material additional costs on us and our portfolio companies. The SEC has adopted cybersecurity risk management rules requiring registered investment advisers and registered investment companies/business development companies to disclose material cybersecurity incidents in a timely manner and to provide periodic disclosures regarding cybersecurity risk management, strategy, and governance. In addition, the SEC’s recent amendments to Regulation S-P will require us to maintain a written incident response program and to provide breach notifications to affected individuals within 30 days of discovering that sensitive customer information was, or is reasonably likely to have been, accessed or used without authorization, and to implement policies and procedures for overseeing service providers that maintain or have access to customer information. Failure to maintain adequate incident response procedures or to comply with notification obligations in the event of a breach could result in SEC enforcement action, significant fines, reputational harm, and private litigation. 46 Our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be negatively affected if we are unable to recover our principal investment as a result of a negative pledge or lack of a security interest on the intellectual property of our portfolio companies. In some cases, we collateralize our loans with a secured collateral position in a venture capital-backed company’s assets, which may include a negative pledge or, to a lesser extent, no security on their intellectual property. In the case of a negative pledge, the portfolio company cannot encumber or pledge their intellectual property without our permission. In the event of a default on a loan, the intellectual property of the portfolio company will most likely be liquidated to provide proceeds to pay the creditors of the company. There can be no assurance that our security interest, if any, in the proceeds of the intellectual property will be enforceable in a court of law or bankruptcy court or that there will not be others with senior or pari passu credit interests. If the assets securing the loans that we make decrease in value, then we may lack sufficient collateral to cover losses. We believe that our borrowers generally are able to repay our loans from their available capital, future capital-raising transactions or current and/or future cash flow from operations. However, to attempt to mitigate credit risks, we typically take a secured collateral position. There is a risk that the collateral securing our secured loans may decrease in value over time, may be difficult to sell in a timely manner, may be difficult to appraise, may be liquidated at a price lower than what we consider to be fair value and may fluctuate in value based upon the success of the business and market conditions, including as a result of the inability of a borrower to raise additional capital. In some circumstances, other creditors have claims having priority over our senior liens. Although for certain borrowers, we may be the only form of secured debt (other than potentially specific equipment financing), other borrowers may also have other senior secured debt, such as revolving loans and/or term loans, having priority over our senior lien. At the time of underwriting our loans, we generally only consider growth capital loans for prospective borrowers with sufficient collateral that covers the value of our loan as well as the revolving and/or term loans that may have priority over our senior lien; however, there may be instances in which we have incorrectly estimated the current or future potential value of the underlying collateral or the underlying collateral value has decreased, in which case our ability to recover our investment may be materially and adversely affected. In addition, a substantial portion of the assets securing our investment may be in the form of intellectual property, inventory and equipment and, to a lesser extent, cash and accounts receivable. Intellectual property, if any, that is securing our loan could lose value if, among other things, the borrower’s rights to the intellectual property are challenged or if the borrower’s license to the intellectual property is revoked or expires. Inventory may not be adequate to secure our loan if our valuation of the inventory at the time that we made the loan was not accurate or if there is a reduction in the demand for the inventory. Similarly, any equipment securing our loans may not provide us with the anticipated security if there are changes in technology or advances in new equipment that render the particular equipment obsolete or of limited value, or if the borrower fails to adequately maintain or repair the equipment. The residual value of the equipment at the time we would take possession may not be sufficient to satisfy the outstanding debt and we could experience a loss on the disposition of the equipment. Any one or more of the preceding factors could materially impair our ability to recover our investment in a foreclosure. Our portfolio companies may have limited operating histories and financial resources. Our portfolio consists of investments in companies that have relatively limited operating histories. Generally, very little public information exists about these companies, and we are required to rely on the ability of our Adviser to obtain adequate information to evaluate the potential returns from investing in these companies. If we are unable to uncover all material information about these companies, we may not make a fully informed investment decision, and we may lose money on our investments. These companies may be particularly vulnerable to U.S. and foreign economic downturns and may have limited access to capital. These businesses also frequently have less diverse product lines and a smaller market presence than larger competitors and may experience substantial variations in operating results. They may face intense competition, including from companies with greater financial, technical, operational and marketing resources, and typically depend upon the expertise and experience of a single individual executive or a small management team. Our success depends, in large part, upon the abilities of the key management personnel of our portfolio companies, who are responsible for the day-to-day operations of our portfolio companies. Competition for qualified personnel is intense at any stage of a company’s development. The loss of one or more key managers can hinder or delay a company’s implementation of its business plan and harm its financial condition. Our portfolio companies may not be able to attract and retain qualified managers and personnel. Any inability to do so may negatively affect our investment returns. In addition, our existing and future portfolio companies may compete with each other for investment or business opportunities and the success of one could negatively impact the other. Furthermore, some of our portfolio companies do business in regulated industries and could be affected by changes in government regulation. Accordingly, these factors could impair their cash flow or result in other events, such as bankruptcy, which could limit their ability to repay their obligations to us, and may materially and adversely affect the return on, or the recovery of, our investment. As a result, we may lose our entire investment in any or all of our portfolio companies. 47 We make debt investments in venture capital-backed companies that generally do not have sufficient cash resources to repay our loans in full at the time of their origination. We invest primarily in venture capital-backed companies that generally do not have sufficient cash-on-hand to satisfy our loan in full at the time we originate the loan. Following our investment, these companies may be unable to successfully scale operations and increase revenue as we had anticipated at the time we made the investment. In certain circumstances, these companies may not be able to generate meaningful customer sales, commitments or orders due to unfavorable market conditions. As a result, these portfolio companies may not generate sufficient cash flow to service our loans and/or such company’s venture capital investors may no longer provide such company with meaningful invested equity capital to provide a debt financing cushion to our applicable loan. As a consequence, these companies may (i) request that we restructure our loan resulting in the delay of principal repayment, the reduction of fees and/or future interest rates and/or the possible loss of principal or (ii) experience bankruptcy, liquidation or similar financial distress. We may be unable to accommodate any such restructuring request due to our eligibility requirements under the Credit Facility, any other financing arrangement we may have in the future, or otherwise enter into. The bankruptcy, liquidation and/or recovery process has a number of significant inherent risks for us as a creditor. Many events in a bankruptcy proceeding are the product of contested matters and adversarial proceedings and are beyond the control of the creditors. A bankruptcy filing by one of our portfolio companies may adversely and permanently affect our investment in that company. If the proceeding is converted to liquidation, the liquidation value of the company may not equal the fair value that was believed to exist at the time of our investment. The duration of a bankruptcy, liquidation and/or recovery proceeding is also difficult to predict, and a creditor’s return on investment can be materially and adversely affected by delays until the plan of reorganization or liquidation ultimately becomes effective. The administrative costs in connection with a bankruptcy proceeding are frequently high and would be paid out of the debtor’s estate prior to any return to creditors. Because the standards for classification of claims under bankruptcy law are vague, our influence with respect to the obligations we own may be lost by increases in the number and amount of claims or by different treatment. In the early stages of the bankruptcy process, it is often difficult to estimate the extent of, or even to identify, any contingent claims that might be made. In addition, certain claims that have priority by law (for example, claims for taxes) may be substantial. There may be circumstances when our debt investments could be subordinated to claims of other creditors or we could be subject to lender liability claims. Even though we structure many investments as secured loans, if one of our portfolio companies were to go bankrupt, depending on the facts and circumstances, and based upon principles of equitable subordination as defined by existing case law, a bankruptcy court could subordinate all or a portion of our claim to that of other creditors and transfer any lien securing such subordinated claim to the bankruptcy estate. The principles of equitable subordination defined by case law have generally indicated that a claim may be subordinated only if its holder is guilty of misconduct or where the senior loan is re-characterized as an equity investment and the senior lender has actually provided significant managerial assistance to the bankrupt debtor. We may also be subject to lender liability claims for actions taken by us with respect to a borrower’s business or instances where we exercise control over the borrower. It is possible that we could become subject to a lender’s liability claim, including as a result of actions taken in rendering significant managerial assistance or actions to compel and collect payments from the borrower outside the ordinary course of business. Such risk of equitable subordination may be potentially heightened with respect to various portfolio investments that we may be deemed to control. The lack of liquidity in our investments may materially and adversely affect our ability to meet our investment objectives. The majority of our assets are invested in illiquid loans and a substantial portion of our investments in leveraged companies are subject to legal and other restrictions on resale or are otherwise less liquid than more broadly traded public securities. The illiquidity of these investments may make it difficult for us to sell such investments if the need arises. In addition, if we are required to liquidate all or a portion of our portfolio quickly, we may realize significantly less than the value at which we have previously recorded our investments. To the extent that we invest in equity or equity-linked securities of privately-held companies, there can be no assurances that a trading market will develop for the securities that we wish to liquidate, or that the subject companies will permit their shares to be sold through such marketplaces. A lack of initial public offering opportunities for venture capital-backed companies could lead to companies staying longer in our portfolio as private entities that continue to require private funding. This situation may adversely affect the amount of available funding for venture capital-backed companies. A lack of initial public offering opportunities for venture capital-backed companies can also cause some venture capital firms to change their strategies, leading some of them to reduce funding of their portfolio companies and making it more difficult for such companies to access capital and to fulfill their potential, which can result in unrealized depreciation and realized losses in such companies by other companies such as ourselves who are co-investors in such companies. Even if a subject portfolio company completes an initial public offering, we are typically subject to lock-up provisions that prohibit us from selling our investments into the public market for specified periods of time after such initial public offering. As a result, the market price of securities that we hold may decline substantially before we are able to sell these securities following an initial public offering. Publicly traded securities involve significant risks that differ from those associated with non-traded securities. Certain of the companies in which we have invested have in the past conducted initial public offerings and have become publicly traded, and other current and future portfolio companies may seek to do the same. In the event that a portfolio company completes an initial public offering, we will hold publicly traded securities in such company. Publicly traded securities involve significant risks that differ in type and degree from the risks associated with investments in private companies. These risks include greater volatility in the valuation of such companies, increased likelihood of shareholder litigation against such companies, and increased costs associated with each of the aforementioned risks. As a result, the market value of the publicly traded securities we hold may fluctuate significantly. 48 In addition, we are typically subject to lock-up provisions that prevent us from disposing of our investments for specified periods of time after a portfolio company’s initial public offering. In the event that we dispose of any such securities, such securities may be sold at a price less than they otherwise would have been absent restrictions on transfer and/or for less than their initial cost. Any unrealized losses we experience on our investment portfolio may be an indication of future realized losses, which could reduce our funds available for distribution and could have a material adverse effect on our ability to service our outstanding borrowings. As a BDC, we are required to carry our investments at fair value as determined in good faith by or under the direction of our Board. Decreases in the market values or fair values of our investments are recorded as unrealized losses. Any unrealized losses in our investment portfolio could be an indication of a portfolio company’s inability to meet its repayment obligations to us with respect to the affected investments. This could result in realized losses in the future and ultimately in reductions of our funds available for distribution in future periods and could materially and adversely affect our ability to service our outstanding borrowings. Because most of our investments are illiquid and lack readily available market prices, our valuations are inherently uncertain and require significant judgment. Applicable accounting standards require us to determine the fair value of our investments assuming a hypothetical sale to market participants in the principal market, even if we intend to hold those investments to maturity. During periods of market volatility or disruption—including volatility driven by sudden macroeconomic announcements such as tariff actions—these assumed market conditions may lead to significant downward adjustments to our fair value marks, even in the absence of actual credit deterioration at a portfolio company. Such unrealized depreciation reduces our net asset value per share, may impair our ability to issue additional equity at favorable prices, and may reduce the funds available for distribution to our stockholders. Our stockholders do not have any input in our Adviser’s investment decisions. Our investments are selected by our Adviser, subject to the approval of at least one member of its Investment Committee. Our stockholders do not have input into our Adviser’s investment decisions. As a result, our stockholders are unable to evaluate any of our potential portfolio investments. These factors increase the uncertainty, and thus the risk, of investing in shares of our common stock. Because we generally do not hold controlling equity interests in our portfolio companies, we are not able to exercise control over our portfolio companies or prevent decisions by their management that could decrease the value of our investment. We generally do not hold controlling equity positions in any of our portfolio companies. As a result, we are subject to the risk that a portfolio company may make business decisions with which we disagree and that the management and/or stockholders of a portfolio company may take risks or otherwise act in ways that have a material adverse effect on our interests. Due to the lack of liquidity of the debt and equity investments that we hold in our portfolio, we may not be able to dispose of our investments in the event we disagree with the actions of a portfolio company and may therefore suffer a decrease in the value of our investment. We may suffer a loss if a portfolio company defaults on a loan, including the entire or partial loss of the accrued PIK interest, the end-of-term payment and/or OID, such as warrant investments and facility fees due to us. To the extent we invest in OID instruments, including PIK loans, zero coupon bonds, and debt securities with attached warrants, you will be exposed to certain risks associated with such investments. Our debt-financing products generally offer a flexible payment and covenant structure to our portfolio companies that may not provide the same level of protection to us as more restrictive conditions that traditional lenders typically impose on borrowers. For example, our secured loans generally include an end-of-term payment, PIK interest payment and/or OID, such as warrant investments and facility fees. If a portfolio company fails to satisfy financial or operating covenants imposed by us or other lenders, such company may default on our loan which could potentially lead to termination of its loans and foreclosure on its assets. If a portfolio company defaults under our loan, this could trigger cross-defaults under other agreements and jeopardize such portfolio company’s ability to meet its obligations under the loans or equity securities that we hold, including payment to us of the end-of-term payment, PIK interest payment and/or OID, such as warrant investments and facility fees. We may incur expenses to the extent necessary to seek recovery upon default or to negotiate new terms, which may include the waiver of certain financial covenants, with a defaulting portfolio company. To the extent that we invest in OID instruments, including PIK loans, zero coupon bonds, and debt securities with attached warrants, investors will be exposed to the risks associated with the inclusion of such non-cash income in taxable and accounting income prior to receipt of cash, including the following risks: • the interest payments deferred on a PIK loan are subject to the risk that the borrower may default when the deferred payments are due in cash at the maturity of the loan; • the interest rates on PIK loans are higher to reflect the time-value of money on deferred interest payments and the higher credit risk of borrowers who may need to defer interest payments; • PIK instruments may have unreliable valuations because the accruals require judgments about ultimate collectability of the deferred payments and the value of the associated collateral; • an election to defer PIK interest payments by adding them to principal increases our gross assets and, thus, may increase future base management fees to the Adviser and, because interest payments will then be payable on a larger principal amount, the PIK election also increases the Adviser’s future income incentive fees at a compounding rate; 49 • market prices of OID instruments are more volatile because they are affected to a greater extent by interest rate changes than instruments that pay interest periodically in cash; • the deferral of interest on a PIK loan increases its loan-to-value ratio, which is a measure of the riskiness of a loan; • OID creates the risk of non-refundable cash payments to the Adviser based on non-cash accruals that may never be realized; • for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we may be required to make distributions of OID income to shareholders without receiving any cash and such distributions have to be paid from offering proceeds or the sale of assets without investors being given any notice of this fact; and • the required recognition of OID, including PIK, interest for U.S. federal income tax purposes may have a negative impact on liquidity, because it represents a non-cash component of our taxable income that must, nevertheless, be distributed in cash to investors to avoid it being subject to U.S. federal corporate-level taxation. Prepayments of our loans could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and our ability to make stockholder distributions, increase the risk of violating 1940 Act provisions applicable to BDCs and breaching covenants under our borrowing arrangements, and could result in a decline in the market price of our shares. We are subject to the risk that the loans we make to our portfolio companies may be repaid prior to maturity. We expect that our investments will generally allow for prepayment at any time subject to penalties in certain limited circumstances. When this occurs, we generally reinvest these proceeds in temporary investments, pending their future investment in accordance with our investment strategy. These temporary investments typically have substantially lower yields than the loan being prepaid and we could experience significant delays in reinvesting these amounts. Any future investment may also be at lower yields than the loan that was repaid. As a result, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected if one or more of our portfolio companies elect to prepay amounts owed to us or if multiple obligors make prepayments in close proximity to each other. Prepayments could also negatively impact our ability to make, or the amount of, stockholder distributions with respect to our common stock, which could result in a decline in the market price of our shares. In addition, any such prepayments could materially increase the risk of failing to meet 1940 Act provisions applicable to BDCs, including the qualifying asset test, and increases the risk of breaching covenants under the Credit Facility and under the agreements governing our outstanding unsecured notes, or otherwise triggering an event of default under the relevant borrowing arrangement. These risks are increased to the extent that prepayment levels during a period increase unexpectedly. Our portfolio companies may incur debt that ranks equally with, or senior to, our investments in such companies. We invest a portion of our capital in loans that have a secured collateral position. Our portfolio companies may have, or may be permitted to incur, other debt that is secured by and ranks equally with, or senior to, all or a portion of the collateral secured by the loans in which we invest. By their terms, such debt instruments may provide that the holders are entitled to receive payment of interest or principal on or before the dates on which we are entitled to receive payments in respect of the loans in which we invest or are entitled to receive payment from the disposition of certain collateral or all collateral senior to us. Also, in the event of insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or bankruptcy of a portfolio company, holders of debt instruments ranking senior to our investment in that portfolio company would typically be entitled to receive payment in full before we receive any distribution in respect of our investment. After repaying senior creditors, a portfolio company may not have any remaining assets to use for repaying its obligation to us. In the case of debt ranking equally with loans in which we invest, we would have to share any distributions on an equal and ratable basis with other creditors holding such debt in the event of an insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or bankruptcy of the portfolio company. The senior liens on the collateral secure the portfolio company’s obligations under any outstanding senior debt and may secure certain other future debt that may be permitted to be incurred by the portfolio company under the agreements governing the loans. The holders of obligations secured by senior liens on the collateral generally control the liquidation of, and are entitled to receive proceeds from, any realization of the collateral to repay their obligations in full before us. In addition, the value of the collateral in the event of liquidation depends on market and economic conditions, the availability of buyers and other factors. There can be no assurance that the proceeds, if any, from sales of all of the collateral would be sufficient to satisfy the loan obligations secured by the senior liens after payment in full of all obligations secured by other liens on the collateral. If such proceeds were not sufficient to repay amounts outstanding under the loan obligations secured by other liens, then we, to the extent not repaid from the proceeds of the sale of the collateral, will only have an unsecured claim against the portfolio company’s remaining assets, if any. The rights we may have with respect to the collateral securing the loans we make to our portfolio companies with senior debt outstanding may also be limited pursuant to the terms of one or more intercreditor agreements that we enter into with the holders of such senior debt. Under a typical intercreditor agreement, at any time that obligations that have the benefit of the senior liens are outstanding, any of the following actions that may be taken in respect of the collateral will be at the direction of the holders of the obligations secured by the senior liens: • the ability to cause the commencement of enforcement proceedings against the collateral; • the ability to control the conduct of such proceedings; • the approval of amendments to collateral documents; • releases of liens on the collateral; and 50 • waivers of past defaults under collateral documents. We may not have the ability to control or direct such actions, even if our rights, including our security interest in the collateral, are materially and adversely affected. 51 The disposition of our investments may result in contingent liabilities. A substantial majority of our investments are loans. In connection with the disposition of an investment in loans, we may be required to make representations about the business and financial affairs of our portfolio companies typical of those made in connection with the sale of a business. We may also be required to indemnify the purchasers of such investment to the extent that any such representations turn out to be inaccurate or with respect to potential liabilities. These arrangements may result in contingent liabilities that ultimately result in funding obligations that we must satisfy through our return of distributions previously made to us. Our equity related investments are highly speculative, and we may not realize gains from these investments. When we make a secured loan, we generally acquire warrant investments in the portfolio company. From time to time we may also acquire equity participation rights in connection with an investment which will allow us, at our option, to participate in current or future rounds of equity financing through direct capital investments in our portfolio companies. In addition, we may be required to accrue OID which decreases the balance on our secured loans by an amount equal to the value of the warrant investments we receive in connection with the applicable secured loan over its lifetime. To the extent we hold these equity related investments, we attempt to dispose of them and realize gains upon our disposition of them. However, the equity related investments we receive and make may not appreciate in value or may decline in value. We also may be unable to realize any value if a portfolio company does not have a liquidity event, such as a sale of the business or public offering, or if the portfolio company defaults under its outstanding indebtedness, which could materially decrease the value of, or prevent us from being able to sell, the underlying equity related investment. As a result, we may not be able to realize gains from our equity related investments and any gains that we do realize on the disposition of any equity related investment may not be sufficient to offset any other losses or OID we experience or accrue. Investments in foreign companies may involve significant risks in addition to the risks inherent in investment in U.S. companies. Our investment strategy contemplates making investments in foreign companies. As of December 31, 2025, 30.4% of our portfolio at fair value consisted of investments in foreign companies, including investments in European companies. Significant changes in U.S. tariff an trade policies—including the sweeping “reciprocal” tariffs imposed beginning in 2025 on imports from most U.S. trading partners and the substantial escalation of tariffs on goods imported from China—may create specific and material risks for our foreign portfolio companies. Increased tariffs or retaliatory measures by foreign governments could reduce our foreign portfolio companies’ access to U.S. markets, increase their operating costs, compress their profit margins, and disrupt their supply chains. Technology companies are particularly exposed to supply-chain disruption given their dependence on global semiconductor and component supply chains. Retaliatory tariff measures imposed by the European Union, Canada, China, and other U.S. trading partners may similarly expose our portfolio companies that export goods or services to those markets to reduced revenues and increased competitive pressure. Investing in such companies may expose us to additional risks not typically associated with investing in U.S. companies. These risks include changes in exchange control regulations, intellectual property laws, political and social instability, limitations on our ability to perfect our security interests, expropriation, imposition of foreign taxes, less liquid markets and less available information than is generally the case in the United States, higher transaction costs, less government supervision of exchanges, matters relating to non-U.S. brokers and issuers, less developed bankruptcy laws, difficulty in enforcing contractual obligations, lack of uniform accounting and auditing standards and greater price volatility. In addition, we expect that investing in such companies will expose us to higher administrative, legal and monitoring costs and expenses not typically associated with investing in U.S. companies. Although we expect that our investments will be primarily U.S. dollar denominated, any investments denominated in a foreign currency will be subject to the risk that the value of a particular currency will change in relation to one or more other currencies. Among the factors that may affect currency values are trade balances, the level of short-term interest rates, differences in relative values of similar assets in different currencies, long-term opportunities for investment and capital appreciation and political developments. As discussed below, we may, to the extent available for our foreign investments, employ hedging techniques to minimize these risks, but we cannot assure you that such strategies will be available for our foreign investments and, if available, will be effective or without risk to us. We may expose ourselves to risks resulting from our use of hedging transactions. We may enter into hedging transactions, which may expose us to risks associated with such transactions. We may utilize instruments such as forward contracts, currency options and interest rate swaps, caps, collars and floors to seek to hedge against fluctuations in the relative values of its portfolio positions from changes in market interest rates and currency exchange rates. Use of these hedging instruments may expose us to counter-party credit risk. Hedging against a decline in the values of its portfolio positions does not eliminate the possibility of fluctuations in the values of such positions or prevent losses if the values of such positions decline. However, such hedging can establish other positions designed to gain from those same developments, thereby offsetting the decline in the value of such portfolio positions. Such hedging transactions may also limit the opportunity for gain if the values of the portfolio positions should increase. Moreover, it may not be possible to hedge against an exchange rate or interest rate fluctuation at an acceptable price or at all. Engaging in hedging transactions may reduce cash available to pay distributions to our stockholders. 52 We believe that any hedging transactions that we enter into in the future will not be considered “qualifying assets” under the 1940 Act, which may limit our hedging strategy more than other companies that are not subject to the 1940 Act. Our ability to engage in hedging transactions may also be adversely affected by rules adopted by the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (“CFTC”), unless our Adviser registers with CFTC as a commodity pool operator or obtains an exemption from such requirement. On February 18, 2020, our Adviser claimed an exclusion from the definition of the term “commodity pool operator” under the Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended, and therefore, is not subject to registration or regulation as a commodity pool operator under such Act. In addition, Rule 18f-4 of the 1940 Act limits a fund’s derivatives exposure through a value-at-risk test and requires the adoption and implementation of a derivatives risk management program for certain derivatives users. We intend to operate in a manner that will permit us to be a “limited derivatives user” under Rule 18f-4. Subject to certain conditions, limited derivatives users are not subject to the full requirements of Rule 18f-4. While we may enter into such transactions to seek to reduce currency exchange rate and interest rate risks, unanticipated changes in currency exchange rates or interest rates could result in poorer overall investment performance than if we had not engaged in any such hedging transactions. In addition, the degree of correlation between price movements of the instruments used in a hedging strategy and price movements in the portfolio positions being hedged could vary. Moreover, for a variety of reasons, we may not seek to establish a perfect correlation between such hedging instruments and the portfolio holdings being hedged. Any such imperfect correlation may prevent us from achieving the intended hedge and expose us to risk of loss. Our failure to make protective or follow-on investments in our portfolio companies could impair the value of our portfolio. Following an initial investment in a portfolio company, we may make additional investments in that portfolio company as “protective” and/or “follow-on” investments, in order to attempt to preserve or enhance the value of our initial investment. We may elect not to make follow-on investments or otherwise lack sufficient funds to make those investments. We have the discretion to make any follow-on investments, subject to the availability of capital resources. The failure to make follow-on investments may, in some circumstances, jeopardize the continued viability of a portfolio company, result in a diminished current value or impair the ability or likelihood for a full recovery of the value of our initial investment, or may result in a missed opportunity for us to increase our participation in a successful operation. Even if we have sufficient capital to make a desired follow-on investment, we may elect not to make a follow-on investment because we do not want to increase our concentration of risk, we prefer other opportunities, we are subject to BDC requirements that would prevent such follow-on investments or the follow-on investment would affect our qualification as a RIC. The effect of global climate change may impact the operations of our portfolio companies. Climate change creates physical and financial risk, and some of our portfolio companies may be adversely affected by climate change. Extreme weather conditions in general require more system backup, adding to costs, and can contribute to increased system stresses, including service interruptions. In addition, as a result of the potential governmental response to climate change, some of our portfolio companies may become subject to new or strengthened regulations or legislation that could increase their operating costs and/or decrease their revenues. Risks Relating to our Common Stock and Securities Our common stock may trade below our net asset value per share, which limits our ability to raise additional equity capital. During periods of time when our common stock trades at market prices below our net asset value per share, we are not able to issue additional shares of our common stock at the market price without first obtaining the approval for such issuance from our stockholders and our independent directors. If our common stock trades below our net asset value per share, the higher cost of equity capital may result in it being unattractive to raise new equity, which may limit our ability to grow. The risk of our common stock trading below our net asset value per share is separate and distinct from the risk that our net asset value per share may decline. We cannot predict whether shares of our common stock will trade above, at or below our net asset value per share. Our stockholders will experience dilution in their ownership percentage if they opt out of our dividend reinvestment plan and participating stockholders can experience dilution in the value of their shares if we distribute shares through our dividend reinvestment plan at a price below the then-current NAV. All dividends declared in cash payable to stockholders that are participants in our dividend reinvestment plan may be reinvested in newly-issued shares of our common stock. As a result, our stockholders that opt out of our dividend reinvestment plan will experience dilution in their ownership percentage of our common stock over time. In addition, we may distribute shares through our dividend reinvestment plan at a price that is below our then-current NAV per share, which would result in dilution of the value of the shares held by stockholders who participate in our dividend reinvestment plan. 53 You may receive shares of our common stock through our dividend reinvestment plan, and we may otherwise choose to pay dividends in our common stock, in which case you may be required to pay tax in excess of the cash you receive. Our cash distributions to stockholders will be automatically reinvested (net of applicable withholding tax) in additional shares of our common stock unless such stockholder has specifically “opted out” of our dividend reinvestment plan so as to receive cash distributions. In addition, we may in the future distribute taxable dividends that are payable in part in shares of our common stock. In accordance with certain applicable U.S. Treasury regulations and published guidance issued by the IRS, a RIC may treat a distribution of its own common stock as fulfilling the RIC distribution requirements if each stockholder may elect to receive his or her entire distribution in either cash or common stock of the RIC, subject to a limitation that the aggregate amount of cash to be distributed to all stockholders must be at least 20% of the aggregate declared distribution. If too many stockholders elect to receive cash, the cash available for distribution must be allocated among the stockholders electing to receive cash (with the balance of the distribution paid in stock). In no event will any stockholder electing to receive cash receive less than the lesser of (a) the portion of the distribution such stockholder has elected to receive in cash or (b) an amount equal to his or her entire distribution times the percentage limitation on cash available for distribution. If these and certain other requirements are met, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the amount of the dividend paid in common stock will be equal to the amount of cash that could have been received instead of common stock. Taxable stockholders receiving such dividends will be required to include the full amount of the dividend as ordinary income (or as long-term capital gain to the extent such distribution is properly reported as a capital gain dividend) to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a result, a U.S. stockholder may be required to pay tax with respect to such dividends in excess of any cash received. If a U.S. stockholder sells the stock it receives as a dividend in order to pay this tax, the sales proceeds may be less than the amount included in income with respect to the dividend, depending on the market price of our common stock at the time of the sale. Furthermore, with respect to non-U.S. stockholders, we may be required to withhold U.S. tax with respect to such dividends including in respect of all or a portion of such dividend that is payable in common stock. In addition, if a significant number of our stockholders determine to sell shares of our common stock in order to pay taxes owed on dividends, it may put downward pressure on the trading price of our common stock. Investing in our common stock may involve an above average degree of risk. The investments we make in accordance with our investment strategy may result in a higher amount of risk and higher volatility or loss of principal than alternative investment options. Our investments in venture capital-backed companies with secured loans, warrant investments and direct equity investments may be speculative and, therefore, an investment in our common stock may not be suitable for someone with lower risk tolerance. The market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly. The market price and liquidity of the market for shares of our common stock may be significantly affected by numerous factors, some of which are beyond our control and may not be directly related to our operating performance. These factors include: • price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market from time to time; • significant volatility in the market price and trading volume of securities of BDCs or other companies in our sector, which is not necessarily related to the operating performance of these companies; • any inability to deploy or invest our capital; • fluctuations in interest rates; • any inability to access the capital markets; • realized and unrealized losses in investments in our portfolio companies; • the financial performance of the industries in which we invest; • announcement of strategic developments, acquisitions, and other material events by us or our competitors or operating performance of companies comparable to us; • changes in regulatory policies or tax guidelines, particularly with respect to RICs or BDCs; • perception or reputation of TPC; • loss of our qualification as a RIC or BDC; • changes in earnings or variations in operating results; • changes in accounting guidelines governing valuation of our investments; • any shortfall in revenue or net income or any increase in losses from levels expected by investors or securities analysts; • departure of, or loss of access to, members of our Adviser’s senior investment team; • operating performance of companies comparable to us; and • general economic trends and other external factors. 54 Our business and operation could be negatively affected to the extent we are subject to any securities litigation or shareholder activism, which could cause us to incur significant expense, hinder execution of investment strategy and impact our stock price. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company’s securities, securities class action litigation has often been brought against that company. Shareholder activism, which could take many forms or arise in a variety of situations, has increased in the BDC space in recent years. Due to the potential volatility of our stock price and for a variety of other reasons, we have in the past and may in the future become the target of securities litigation or shareholder activism. Securities litigation and shareholder activism, including potential proxy contests, could result in substantial costs and divert management’s and our board of directors’ attention and resources from our business. Additionally, such securities litigation and shareholder activism could give rise to perceived uncertainties as to our future, adversely affect our relationships with service providers and make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel. Also, we may be required to incur significant legal fees and other expenses related to any securities litigation and activist shareholder matters. Further, our stock price could be subject to significant fluctuation or otherwise be adversely affected by the events, risks and uncertainties of any securities litigation and shareholder activism. Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock, or the availability of such common stock for sale, could have an adverse effect on the prevailing market prices for our common stock. If this occurs and continues, it could impair our ability to raise additional capital through the sale of securities should we desire to do so. Terms relating to redemption may have a material adverse effect on the return on any debt securities that we may issue. If debt securities are redeemable at our option, such as the 2027 Notes, the 8.11% 2028 Notes and the $75,000,000 in aggregate principal outstanding amount of our 7.50% notes due 2028 (the “7.50% 2028 Notes”) we may choose to redeem debt securities at times when prevailing interest rates are lower than the interest rate paid on debt securities. In addition, if debt securities are subject to mandatory redemption, we may be required to redeem debt securities also at times when prevailing interest rates are lower than the interest rate paid on debt securities. In this circumstance, an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as the debt securities being redeemed. Subject to the terms of the governing agreements, we may redeem the 2027 Notes, the 8.11% 2028 Notes and/or the 7.50% 2028 Notes in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at our option at par plus accrued interest to the prepayment date and, if applicable, a make-whole premium. In addition, we are obligated to offer to prepay the 2027 Notes, the 8.11% 2028 Notes and/or the 7.50% 2028 Notes at par plus accrued and unpaid interest up to, but excluding, the date of prepayment, if certain change in control events occur. We may not be able to prepay our outstanding unsecured notes upon a change in control. The note purchase agreements and applicable supplements that govern our outstanding unsecured notes require us to offer to prepay all of the issued and outstanding notes upon the occurrence of certain change in control events, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Upon a change in control event, holders of our outstanding unsecured notes and any additional notes issued under the terms of the governing note purchase agreements may require us to prepay for cash some or all of the notes at a prepayment price equal to 100% of the aggregate principal amount of the notes being prepaid, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the date of prepayment. If a change in control were to occur, we may not have sufficient funds to prepay any such accelerated indebtedness. Our outstanding notes are unsecured and therefore are effectively subordinated to any secured indebtedness we have currently incurred or may incur in the future. The 2027 Notes, the 8.11% 2028 Notes and the 7.50% 2028 Notes are not secured by any of our assets or any of the assets of our subsidiaries and rank equally in right of payment with all of our existing and future unsubordinated, unsecured indebtedness. As a result, the 2027 Notes, the 8.11% 2028 Notes and the 7.50% 2028 Notes are effectively subordinated to any secured indebtedness we or our subsidiaries have currently incurred and may incur in the future (or any indebtedness that is initially unsecured to which we subsequently grant security) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness. In any liquidation, dissolution, bankruptcy or other similar proceeding, the holders of any of our existing or future secured indebtedness and the secured indebtedness of our subsidiaries may assert rights against the assets pledged to secure that indebtedness in order to receive full payment of their indebtedness before the assets may be used to pay other creditors, including the holders of the 2027 Notes, the 8.11% 2028 Notes and the 7.50% 2028 Notes. 55 Our outstanding unsecured notes are structurally subordinated to the indebtedness and other liabilities of our subsidiaries. The 2027 Notes, the 8.11% 2028 Notes and the 7.50% 2028 Notes are obligations exclusively of TriplePoint Venture Growth BDC Corp. and not of any of our subsidiaries. None of our current subsidiaries is a guarantor of the 2027 Notes, the 8.11% 2028 Notes and the 7.50% 2028 Notes, and the 2027 Notes, the 8.11% 2028 Notes and the 7.50% 2028 Notes are generally not required to be guaranteed by any subsidiaries we may acquire or create in the future. Except to the extent we are a creditor with recognized claims against our subsidiaries, all claims of other creditors of our subsidiaries, including claims under the Credit Facility, have priority over our equity interests in such subsidiaries (and therefore over the claims of our creditors, including holders of the 2027 Notes, the 8.11% 2028 Notes and the 7.50% 202) with respect to the assets of such subsidiaries. Even if we are recognized as a creditor of one or more of our subsidiaries, our claims would still be effectively subordinated to any security interests in the assets of any such subsidiary and to any indebtedness or other liabilities of any such subsidiary senior to our claims, including under the Credit Facility. Consequently, the 2027 Notes, the 8.11% 2028 Notes and the 7.50% 2028 Notes, as well as any additional notes issued under the terms of the governing note purchase agreements, are or will be structurally subordinated to all indebtedness and other liabilities of any of our subsidiaries and any subsidiaries that we may in the future acquire or establish. In addition, our subsidiaries may incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future, including under the Credit Facility or otherwise, all of which would be structurally senior to the 2027 Notes, the 8.11% 2028 Notes and the 7.50% 2028 Notes. A downgrade, suspension or withdrawal of the credit rating, if any, assigned by a rating agency to us or any of our outstanding unsecured notes, including the 2027 Notes, the 8.11% 2028 Notes and the 7.50% 2028 Notes or change in the debt markets could cause the liquidity or market value of our securities to decline significantly. Our credit ratings are an assessment by rating agencies of our ability to pay our debts when due. Consequently, real or anticipated changes in our credit ratings will generally affect the value and trading prices, if any, of our outstanding unsecured notes, including the 2027 Notes, the 8.11% 2028 Notes and the 7.50% 2028 Notes. These credit ratings may not reflect the potential impact of risks relating to the structure or marketing of the notes. Credit ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold any security, and may be revised or withdrawn at any time by the issuing organization in its sole discretion. We undertake no obligation to maintain our credit ratings or to advise any holders of our unsecured notes of any changes in our credit ratings, except as may be required under the terms of any applicable indenture or other governing document, including the note purchase agreements and applicable supplements that govern our outstanding unsecured notes. There can be no assurance that our credit ratings will remain for any given period of time or that such credit ratings will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by the rating agency if in their judgment future circumstances relating to the basis of the credit ratings, such as adverse changes in our business or operations, so warrant. Any downgrades to us or our securities could increase our cost of capital or otherwise have a negative effect on our results of operations and financial condition. In this regard, the fixed rates of the 2027 Notes, the 8.11% 2028 Notes and the 7.50% 2028 Notes are subject to increases in the event that a certain below-investment-grade events occur, as set forth in the applicable note purchase agreements and applicable supplements. The conditions of the financial markets and prevailing interest rates have fluctuated in the past and are likely to fluctuate in the future, which could have an adverse effect on the market prices and value of our unsecured notes. General

--- VENDORS ---
vendors’ and our portfolio companies’ ability to manufacture and deliver products and/or services to their end-users and customers. Our portfolio companies may experience a significant increase in commodity, parts and material component inflation from pre-pandemic levels, as well as inflation in other costs, such as labor, packaging, freight, and energy prices. Any supply chain disruptions and delays, as well as continued heightened inflation, could lead to continued periodic production interruptions and other inefficiencies that could negatively impact our portfolio companies’ productivity, margin performance and results of operations, which could result in a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 57 Developments related to any such pandemic may contribute to a decrease in the fair value of certain of our portfolio investments. In addition, such a pandemic and the related disruption and financial distress that may be experienced by our portfolio companies may have a material adverse effect on our investment income received from portfolio investments, particularly our interest income. Any decreases in our net investment income would increase the portion of our cash flows dedicated to servicing any then-existing borrowings, including under the Credit Facility, the 2027 Notes, the 8.11% 2028 Notes and the 7.50% 2028 Notes, and distribution payments to stockholders. Depending on the extent of continuing impact of any such pandemic on our portfolio companies’ operations and our net investment income, any future distributions to our stockholders may be for amounts less than expected, may be made less frequently than expected, and may be made in part cash and part stock (as per each stockholder’s election), subject to a limitation that the aggregate amount of cash to be distributed to all stockholders must be at least 20% of the aggregate declared distribution. In addition, because our investment strategy contemplates making investments and loans to companies with foreign operations, the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine and conflicts in the Middle East, including in each case the international responses thereto and resulting market volatility, could adversely affect our and our portfolio companies’ business, operating results, and financial condition, and may magnify the impact of other risks described in our SEC filings. Although the severity and duration of any ongoing military actions are highly unpredictable, the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine and conflicts in the Middle East, including international responses thereto, have already resulted in significant volatility in certain equity, debt and currency markets, material increases in certain commodity prices, and economic uncertainty. The extent and duration or escalation of such conflicts, resulting sanctions and resulting future market disruptions are impossible to predict, but could be significant. Any disruptions resulting from such conflicts and any future conflict (including cyberattacks, espionage or the use or threatened use of nuclear weapons) or resulting from actual or threatened responses to such actions could cause disruptions to any of our portfolio companies located in Europe or the Middle East or that have substantial business relationships with companies in affected regions. It is not possible to predict the duration or extent of longer-term consequences of these conflicts, which could include further sanctions, retaliatory and escalating measures, embargoes, regional instability, geopolitical shifts and adverse effects on or involving macroeconomic conditions, the energy sector, supply chains, inflation, security conditions, currency exchange rates and financial markets around the globe. Any such market disruptions could affect our portfolio companies’ operations and, as a result, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. A lack of IPO or merger and acquisition opportunities may cause companies to stay in our portfolio longer, leading to lower returns, unrealized depreciation, or realized losses. A lack of IPO or merger and acquisition, or M&A, opportunities for private companies, including venture capital-backed and institutional-backed companies could lead to portfolio companies staying longer in our portfolio as private entities still requiring funding. IPO activity slowed significantly during 2022-2023 and, while there was some improvement in 2024 and 2025, activity has not returned to historical norms; the broader environment for technology company IPOs remains uncertain, subject to significant market volatility—including volatility driven by U.S. tariff policy announcements—elevated interest rate conditions, and macroeconomic uncertainty, any of which could further delay or diminish exit activity. This situation may adversely affect the amount of available funding for early-stage companies in particular as, in general, venture capital, institutional, and other sponsor firms are being forced to provide additional financing to late-stage companies that cannot complete an IPO or M&A transaction. In the best case, such stagnation would dampen returns, and in the worst case, could lead to unrealized depreciation and realized losses as some portfolio companies run short of cash and have to accept lower valuations in private fundings or are not able to access additional capital at all. A lack of IPO or M&A opportunities for private companies can also cause some venture capital, institutional, and other sponsor firms to change their strategies, leading some of them to reduce funding to their portfolio companies and making it more difficult for such companies to access capital and to fulfill their potential, which can result in unrealized depreciation and realized losses in such portfolio companies by other companies, such as ourselves, who are co-investors in such portfolio companies. The continued constraint on exit activity has also had an adverse impact on venture capital firms’ ability to raise new funds, further limiting the capital available to support our portfolio companies at critical junctures and increasing the risk that portfolio companies will be unable to obtain the ongoing equity financing they typically require to service our loans. The capital markets may experience periods of disruption and instability. Such market conditions may materially and adversely affect the debt and equity capital markets, which may have a negative impact on our business and operations. From time to time, capital markets may experience periods of disruption and instability. Such disruptions may result in, amongst other things, write-offs, the re-pricing of credit risk, the failure of financial institutions or worsening general economic conditions, any of which could materially and adversely impact the broader financial and credit markets and reduce the availability of debt and equity capital for the market as a whole and financial services firms in particular. There can be no assurance these market conditions will not occur or worsen in the future, including economic and political events in or affecting the world’s major economies, such as the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine and conflicts in the Middle East. Sanctions imposed by the U.S. and other countries in connection with hostilities between Russia and Ukraine and the tensions between China and Taiwan have caused additional financial market volatility and affected the global economy. Concerns over future increases in inflation, economic recession, as well as interest rate volatility and fluctuations in oil and gas prices resulting from global production and demand levels, as well as geopolitical tension, have exacerbated market volatility. Market uncertainty and volatility have also been significantly magnified as a result of the 2024 U.S. presidential and congressional elections and the resulting policy changes, including the imposition of sweeping new tariffs beginning in 2025, uncertainty regarding ongoing trade negotiations and potential retaliatory measures by U.S. trading partners, and potential significant changes to U.S. regulatory, fiscal, immigration, and monetary policies, all of which have created elevated and ongoing volatility in financial markets. 58 Equity capital may be difficult to raise during such periods of adverse or volatile market conditions because, subject to some limited exceptions, as a BDC, we are generally not able to issue additional shares of our common stock at a price less than net asset value without first obtaining approval for such issuance from our stockholders and our independent directors. Volatility and dislocation in the capital markets can also create a challenging environment in which to raise or access debt capital. Such conditions could make it difficult to extend the maturity of or refinance our existing indebtedness or obtain new indebtedness with similar terms and any failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business. The debt capital that will be available to us in the future, if at all, may be at a higher cost, including as a result of the current interest rate environment, and on less favorable terms and conditions than what we have historically experienced. If we are unable to raise or refinance debt, then our equity investors may not benefit from the potential for increased returns on equity resulting from leverage and we may be limited in our ability to make new commitments or to fund existing commitments to our portfolio companies. Significant disruption or volatility in the capital markets may also have a negative effect on the valuations of our investments. While most of our investments are not publicly traded, applicable accounting standards require us to assume as part of our valuation process that our investments are sold in a principal market to market participants (even if we plan on holding an investment through its maturity). Significant disruption or volatility in the capital markets may also affect the pace of our investment activity and the potential for liquidity events involving our investments. Thus, the illiquidity of our investments may make it difficult for us to sell such investments to access capital if required, and as a result, we could realize significantly less than the value at which we have recorded our investments if we were required to sell them for liquidity purposes. An inability to raise or access capital could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We may experience fluctuations in our quarterly operating results. We could experience fluctuations in our quarterly operating results due to a number of factors, including our originations and underwriting processes, the interest rate payable on the debt investments we make, any prepayments or repayments made on our debt investments, the default rates on such investments, the timing and amount of any warrant or equity investment returns, the timing of any drawdowns requested by our borrowers, the level of our expenses, variations in and the timing of the recognition of realized and unrealized gains or losses, the degree to which we encounter competition in our markets and general economic conditions. In light of these factors, results for any period should not be relied upon as being indicative of performance in or results for future periods. Changes in laws or regulations governing our operations may adversely affect our business or cause us to alter our business strategy. We and our portfolio companies are subject to regulation by laws and regulations at the local, state, federal and, in some cases, foreign levels. These laws and regulations, as well as their interpretation, may be changed from time to time, and new laws and regulations may be enacted. Accordingly, any change in these laws or regulations, changes in their interpretation, or newly enacted laws or regulations could require changes to certain business practices of us or our portfolio companies, negatively impact the operations, cash flows or financial condition of us or our portfolio companies, impose additional costs on us or our portfolio companies or otherwise adversely affect our business or the business of our portfolio companies. Additionally, changes to the laws and regulations governing our operations related to permitted investments may cause us to alter our investment strategy in order to avail ourselves of new or different opportunities. Such changes could result in material differences to the strategies and plans set forth herein and may shift our investment focus to other types of investments in which our Adviser’s senior investment team may have little or no expertise or experience. Any such changes, if they occur, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Worldwide economic conditions, economic recessions or downturns, as well as political and economic conditions, could impair our venture capital-backed companies and harm our operating results. The business and operating results of our portfolio companies may be impacted by worldwide economic conditions. Any conflict or uncertainty, including due to regulatory changes, natural disasters, public health concerns, political unrest or safety concerns, could harm their financial condition and results of operations and cash flows. In addition, if the government of any country in which products are developed, manufactured or sold sets technical or regulatory standards for products developed or manufactured in or imported into their country that are not widely shared, it may lead some of their customers to suspend imports of their products into that country, require manufacturers or developers in that country to manufacture or develop products with different technical or regulatory standards and disrupt cross-border

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials and have adversely affected consumer spending, economic growth and our portfolio companies’ operations. If such portfolio companies are unable to pass any increases in their costs of operations along to their customers, it could adversely affect their operating results and impact their ability to pay interest and principal on our loans, particularly if interest rates rise in response to inflation. In addition, any projected future decreases in our portfolio companies’ operating results due to inflation could adversely impact the fair value of those investments. Any decreases in the fair value of our investments could result in future realized or unrealized losses and therefore reduce our net assets resulting from operations. Tariff-driven cost increases represent an additional and potentially persistent inflationary pressure. Unlike monetary-policy-driven inflation, tariff-induced cost increases may be structural in nature, as supply-chain reconfigurations and sourcing substitutions required in response to tariffs can take significant time and capital to implement and may not fully offset higher input costs. Portfolio companies that rely on globally integrated supply chains—particularly technology companies dependent on Asian components—may face sustained margin compression as a result of tariff-related cost increases that cannot be fully passed through to customers. The Federal Reserve’s monetary policy response to inflation has a direct and bidirectional impact on our results of operations. In an increased interest rate environment, the cost of servicing floating-rate debt increases for our portfolio companies, which may impair their ability to service our loans and lead to defaults or restructurings. Ongoing inflationary pressures—including those driven by tariffs on imported goods—may limit the Federal Reserve’s ability to reduce interest rates, extending the period during which our portfolio companies must service debt at elevated floating rates. In a declining interest rate environment, our interest income on floating-rate loans may decrease, potentially compressing our net investment income even if our cost of capital does not decline proportionally, and portfolio companies may prepay existing facilities and seek to refinance at lower rates, requiring us to redeploy capital at potentially lower yields. Both rising and declining interest rate environments therefore present distinct and material risks to our business, and we cannot guarantee that our investment income will keep pace with our cost of capital in any particular interest rate environment. 60 Item 1B.    Unresolved Staff Comments None. Item 1C.    Cybersecurity The Company has processes in place to assess, identify, and manage material risks from cybersecurity threats and cybersecurity incidents. The Company’s business is dependent on the communications and information systems of the Adviser and other third-party service providers. The Adviser manages the Company’s day-to-day operations and has implemented a cybersecurity program that applies to the Company and its operations. Cybersecurity Program Overview The Adviser has instituted a cybersecurity program designed to identify, assess, and manage cybersecurity risks applicable to the Company. The cyber risk management program involves risk assessments, implementation of security measures, and ongoing monitoring of systems and networks, including networks on which the Company relies. The Adviser actively monitors the current threat landscape in an effort to identify material risks arising from new and evolving cybersecurity threats, including material risks faced by the Company. The Company relies on the Adviser to engage external experts, including cybersecurity assessors, consultants, and auditors to evaluate cybersecurity measures and risk management processes, including those applicable to the Company. The Company relies on the Adviser’s risk management program and processes, which include cyber risk assessments. The Company depends on and engages various third parties , including suppliers, vendors, and service providers, to operate its business. The Company relies on its Chief Compliance Officer (“CCO”) and the expertise of legal, information technology, and compliance personnel of the Adviser when identifying and overseeing risks from cybersecurity threats associated with its use of such entities. 61 Board Oversight of Cybersecurity Risks The Board provides strategic oversight on cybersecurity matters, including risks associated with cybersecurity threats. The Board receives periodic updates from the CCO, which incorporates updates provided by the Adviser regarding the overall state of the Adviser’s cybersecurity program, information on the current threat landscape, and risks from cybersecurity threats and cybersecurity incidents impacting or which are reasonably likely to impact the Company. Management's Role in Cybersecurity Risk Management The Company’s management, including the Company’s CCO, manage the Company’s cybersecurity program.  The CCO of the Company oversees the Company’s oversight function generally and relies on the Adviser’s technology team to assist with assessing and managing material risks from cybersecurity threats. The CCO has been responsible for this oversight function as CCO of the Company for one year and has worked in the financial services industry for more than 30 years, during which time our CCO has gained expertise in assessing and managing risk applicable to the Company. Management of the Company is informed about and monitors the prevention, detection, mitigation, and remediation of cybersecurity incidents impacting the Company, including through the receipt of notifications from service providers and reliance on communications with risk management, legal, information technology, and/or compliance personnel of the Adviser. Assessment of Cybersecurity Risk The potential impact of risks from cybersecurity threats on the Company are assessed on an ongoing basis, and how such risks could materially affect the Company’s business strategy, operational results, and financial condition are regularly evaluated. During the reporting period, the Company did not identify any risks from cybersecurity threats, including as a result of previous cybersecurity incidents, that the Company believes have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company, including its business strategy, operational results, and financial condition. Item 2.    Properties We do not own any real estate or other physical properties materially important to our operations. Our executive offices are located at 2755 Sand Hill Road, Suite 150, Menlo Park, California 94025. These offices are provided by our Administrator pursuant to the Administration Agreement. We believe that our facilities are suitable and adequate for our business. Item 3.    Legal Proceedings Neither we, the Adviser, nor our subsidiaries are currently subject to any material pending legal proceedings, other than ordinary routine litigation incidental to our businesses. We, the Adviser, and our subsidiaries may from time to time, however, be involved in litigation arising out of our operations in the normal course of business or otherwise. Furthermore, third parties may seek to impose liability on us in connection with the activities of our portfolio companies. While the outcome of any current legal proceedings cannot at this time be predicted with certainty, we do not expect any current matters will materially affect our financial condition or results of operations; however, there can be no assurance whether any pending or future legal proceedings will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations in any future reporting period. Item 4.    Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. 62 PART II Item 5.    Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Common Stock, Holders and Distributions Our common stock is traded on the NYSE under the symbol “TPVG.” The following table shows, for each fiscal quarter during the last two fiscal years and the current fiscal year to date, the net asset value (“NAV”) per share of our common stock, the high and low closing sales prices for our common stock, such closing sales prices as a percentage of NAV per share and quarterly distributions per share. Closing Sales Price (2) Premium/(Discount) of High Sales Price to NAV (3) Premium/(Discount) of Low Sales Price to NAV (3) Declared Distributions Period NAV (1) High Low First Quarter of 2026 (through March 3, 2026) * $ 6.72 $ 5.19 * * $ 0.23 Fourth Quarter of 2025 $ 8.73 $ 6.79 $ 5.24 (22.2) % (40.0) % $ 0.25 Third Quarter of 2025 $ 8.95 $ 7.42 $ 5.76 (17.1) % (35.6) % $ 0.23 Second Quarter of 2025 $ 8.65 $ 7.37 $ 5.76 (14.8) % (33.4) % $ 0.30 First Quarter of 2025 $ 8.62 $ 8.14 $ 6.98 (5.6) % (19.0) % $ 0.30 Fourth Quarter of 2024 $ 8.61 $ 8.39 $ 6.50 (2.6) % (24.5) % $ 0.30 Third Quarter of 2024 $ 9.10 $ 8.99 $ 6.86 (1.2) % (24.6) % $ 0.30 Second Quarter of 2024 $ 8.83 $ 9.63 $ 7.97 9.1 % (9.7) % $ 0.40 First Quarter of 2024 $ 9.02 $ 11.48 $ 9.01 27.3 % (0.1) % $ 0.40 _______________ (1) NAV per share is determined as of the last day in the relevant quarter and therefore may not reflect the NAV per share on the date of the high and low closing sales prices. The NAVs shown are based on outstanding shares at the end of each period. (2) Closing sales price as provided by the NYSE. (3) Calculated as of the respective high or low closing sales price divided by the quarter end NAV and subtracting 1. *    Not determinable at the time of filing. On March 3, 2026, the reported closing sales price of our common stock was $5.32 per share. As of March 3, 2026, we had 7 stockholders of record, which did not include stockholders for whom shares are held in “nominee” or “street name”. Shares of BDCs may trade at a market price that is less than the value of the net assets attributable to those shares. The possibility that shares of our common stock will trade at a discount from NAV or at premiums that are unsustainable over the long term are separate and distinct from the risk that our NAV will decrease. It is not possible to predict whether the shares offered hereby will trade at, above or below NAV. Distributions It is our intention to distribute all or substantially all of our taxable income earned over the course of the year. However, we may choose not to distribute all of our taxable income for a number of reasons, including retaining excess taxable income for investment purposes and/or to defer the payment of distributions associated with the excess taxable income for future calendar years. During the year ended December 31, 2025, we recorded $1.5 million for U.S. federal excise tax in our consolidated statements of operations. For the year ended December 31, 2025, total distributions of $1.08 per share were declared and paid. On February 27, 2026, our Board declared a first quarter 2026 dividend of $0.23 per share payable on March 31, 2026 to stockholders of record at the close of business on March 17, 2026. We will not be able to determine whether any specific distribution will be treated as made out of our taxable earnings or as a return of capital until after the end of our taxable year. Any amount treated as a return of capital, while not taxable, will reduce a stockholder’s adjusted tax basis in his or her common stock, thereby increasing his or her potential gain or reducing his or her potential loss on the subsequent sale or other disposition of his or her common stock. We estimate the source of our distributions as required by Section 19(a) of the 1940 Act to determine whether payment of dividends are expected to be paid from any other source other than net investment income accrued for current period or certain cumulative periods, but we will not be able to determine whether any specific distribution will be treated as made out of our taxable earnings or as a return of capital until after the end of our taxable year. On a quarterly basis, for any payment of dividends estimated to be paid from any other source other than net investment income accrued for current period or certain cumulative periods based on the Section 19(a) requirement, we post a Section 19(a) notice through the Depository Trust Company’s Legal Notice System and our website, as well as send our registered stockholders a printed copy of such notice along with the dividend payment. The estimates of the source of the distribution are interim estimates based on GAAP that are subject to revision, and the exact character of the distributions for tax purposes cannot be determined until the final books and records are finalized for the calendar year. Therefore, these estimates are made solely in order to comply with the requirements of Section 19(a) of the 1940 Act and should not be relied upon for tax reporting or any other purposes and could differ significantly from the actual character of distributions for tax purposes. 63 We have elected to be treated, and intend to qualify annually, as a RIC under the Code. To maintain RIC tax treatment, we must distribute at least 90% of our net ordinary income and net realized short-term capital gains in excess of our net realized long-term capital losses, if any, to our stockholders. In order to avoid a nondeductible 4% U.S. federal excise tax on certain of our undistributed income, we need to distribute during each calendar year an amount at least equal to the sum of: (a) 98% of our ordinary income (not taking into account any capital gains or losses) for such calendar year; (b) 98.2% of the amount by which our capital gains exceed our capital losses (adjusted for certain ordinary losses) for a one-year period ending on October 31 of the calendar year (unless an election is made by us to use our taxable year); and (c) certain undistributed amounts from previous years on which we paid no U.S. federal income tax. For the tax years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, we were subject to a 4% U.S. federal excise tax and we may be subject to this tax in future years. In such cases, we will be liable for the tax only on the amount by which we do not meet the foregoing distribution requirement. We currently intend to distribute net long-term capital gains if any, at least annually out of the assets legally available for such distributions. However, we may in the future decide to retain some or all of our long-term capital gains but designate the retained amount as a “deemed distribution.” In that case, among other consequences, we will pay tax on the retained amount, each U.S. stockholder will be required to include their share of the deemed distribution in income as if it had been distributed to the U.S. stockholder, and the U.S. stockholder will be entitled to claim a credit equal to their allocable share of the tax paid on the deemed distribution by us. The amount of the deemed distribution net of such tax will be added to such stockholder’s tax basis in such stockholder’s common stock. Since we expect to pay tax on any retained capital gains at our regular corporate tax rate, and since that rate is in excess of the maximum rate currently payable by individuals on long-term capital gains, the amount of tax that individual stockholders will be treated as having paid and for which they will receive a credit will exceed the tax they owe on the retained net capital gain. Such excess generally may be claimed as a credit against such individual stockholder’s other U.S. federal income tax obligations or may be refunded to the extent it exceeds such individual stockholder’s liability for U.S. federal income tax. We cannot assure any stockholder that we will achieve results that will permit us to pay any cash distributions, and to the extent that we issue senior securities, we will be prohibited from making distributions if doing so would cause us to fail to maintain the asset coverage ratios stipulated by the 1940 Act or if such distributions are limited by the terms of any of our borrowings. Unless a stockholder elects to receive distributions in cash, we intend to make such distributions in additional shares of our common stock under our dividend reinvestment plan. Although distributions paid in the form of additional shares of our common stock will generally be subject to U.S. federal, state and local taxes in the same manner as cash distributions, investors participating in our dividend reinvestment plan will not receive any corresponding cash distributions with which to pay any such applicable taxes. If a stockholder holds shares of our common stock in the name of a broker or financial intermediary, such stockholder should contact such broker or financial intermediary regarding the election to receive distributions in cash in lieu of shares of our common stock. Any distributions reinvested through the issuance of shares through our dividend reinvestment plan will increase our assets on which the base management fee and the incentive fee are determined and paid to our Adviser. Stock Performance Graph The following graph shows a comparison of the cumulative total stockholder return on our common stock from March 6, 2014 (the first day of trading following our initial public offering) to December 31, 2025, with that of the NASDAQ Financial 100 Stock Index and the Standard & Poor’s 500 Stock Index. This graph assumes that on March 6, 2014, $100 was invested in our common stock, the NASDAQ Financial 100 Stock Index, and the Standard & Poor’s 500 Stock Index, as we do not believe there is an appropriate index of companies with an investment strategy similar to our own with which to compare the return on our common stock. The graph also assumes the reinvestment of dividends into additional shares of the same class of equity securities at the frequency with which dividends are paid on such securities during the applicable fiscal year, prior to any tax effect. The stock price performance included in this graph is based on historical data and is not necessarily indicative of future stock performance. 64 COMPARISON OF CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURNS For the Period from March 5, 2014 (TPVG’s IPO) to December 31, 2025 Our IPO was priced at $15.00 per share and the chart is based on what our stock price was at the end of the first trading day, which was $15.65 per share. Sales of Unregistered Securities During the year ended December 31, 2025, we issued a total of 353,774 shares of common stock under our dividend reinvestment plan. These issuances were not subject to the registration requirements under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). The aggregate value of shares of common stock issued under our dividend reinvestment plan during the year ended December 31, 2025 was $2.2 million. We did not sell any equity securities during the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K that were not registered under the Securities Act. Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities The Company did not repurchase any of our equity securities during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025. On August 6, 2025, TPC announced a discretionary share purchase program to acquire up to $14 million of our outstanding shares of common stock at prices below the then-current NAV per share for a 12-month period subject to certain trading parameters and limitations. These purchases may occur through various methods, including in open-market transactions and through privately negotiated transactions, and may be conducted in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 and Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act. On November 6, 2025, TPC adopted a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan under the Exchange Act in connection with its share purchase program relating to our common stock. The following chart summarizes TPC’s purchases of our common stock during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025: Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per share Total number of shares purchases as part of publicly announced plans or programs Approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs (1) August 1 through August 31, 2025 488,435 $ 6.45 488,435 $ 10,827 September 1 through September 30, 2025 102,800 $ 6.74 102,800 $ 10,131 October 1 through October 31, 2025 — $ — — $ 10,131 November 1 through November 30, 2025 507,531 $ 6.16 507,531 $ 6,998 December 1 through December 31, 2025 711,061 $ 6.46 711,061 $ 2,382 Total issuance 1,809,827 $ 6.39 1,809,827 $ 2,382 (1) In thousands. Item 6.    [ Reserved ] 65 Item 7.    Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Forward-Looking Statements The information contained in this section should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes and schedules thereto appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except as otherwise specified, references to “the Company”, “we”, “us”, and “our” refer to TriplePoint Venture Growth BDC Corp. and its subsidiaries. This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about us, our current and prospective portfolio investments, our industry, our beliefs, and our assumptions. Words such as “anticipates,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “will,” “may,” “continue,” “believes,” “seeks,” “estimates,” “would,” “could,” “should,” “targets,” “projects,” and variations of these words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K include statements as to: • our and our portfolio companies’ future operating results and financial condition, including our and our portfolio companies’ ability to achieve our respective objectives; • our business prospects and the prospects of our portfolio companies; • our relationships with third parties, including but not limited to lenders and venture capital investors, including other investors in our portfolio companies; • the outcome and impact on the Company of any material pending or threatened legal proceedings to which the Company or its property is subject; • the impact and timing of our unfunded commitments; • the impact of a protracted decline in the liquidity of credit markets on our business; • the expected market for venture capital investments; • the performance of our existing portfolio and other investments we may make in the future; • the impact of investments that we expect to make; • the valuation of our investments in portfolio companies, particularly those having no liquid trading market; • our ability to recover unrealized losses; • actual and potential conflicts of interest with TPC, the Adviser and its senior investment team and Investment Committee; • purchase activity in respect of the Company’s shares of common stock, including with respect to TPC’s or its affiliates’ publicly announced programs; • our contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties; • the dependence of our future success on the U.S. and global economies, including with respect to the industries in which we invest; • our expected financings and investments; • the ability of the Adviser to locate suitable investments for us and to monitor and administer our investments; • the ability of our Adviser to attract, retain and have access to highly talented professionals, including our Adviser’s senior management team; • our ability to maintain our qualification as a RIC and as a BDC; • the adequacy of our and our portfolio companies’ available liquidity, cash resources and working capital and compliance with covenants under our borrowing arrangements; • the ability of our portfolio companies to obtain financing on attractive terms or at all; • the timing of cash flows, if any, from the operations of our portfolio companies; and • the declaration, payment, amount and/or timing of future dividends or distributions. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors, some of which are beyond our control and difficult to predict and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements, including without limitation: • changes in laws and regulations, changes in political, economic or industry conditions, and changes in the interest rate environment or other conditions affecting the financial and capital markets; • the potential emergence (or re-emergence) of a widespread health pandemic, and the length and duration thereof in the United States as well as worldwide, and the magnitude of its impact and time required for economic recovery; 66 • the potential for an economic downturn and the time period required for robust economic recovery therefrom; • a contraction of available credit, an inability or unwillingness of our lenders to fund their commitments to us and/or an inability to access capital markets or additional sources of liquidity, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition and impair our lending and investment activities; • interest rate volatility could adversely affect our results, particularly given that we use leverage as part of our investment strategy; • disruptions related to tariffs and other trade or sanctions issues, which may have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets, and may significantly reduce global trade and, in particular, trade between the impacted nations and the United States; • currency fluctuations could adversely affect the results of our investments in foreign companies, particularly to the extent that we receive payments denominated in foreign currency rather than U.S. dollars; • there is no assurance that TPC or any of its affiliates will purchase shares of the Company’s common stock at any specific discount levels or in any specific amounts, and there is no assurance that the market price of the Company’s shares of common stock, either absolutely or relative to net asset value, will increase as a result of any share purchase activity, or that any purchase program or plan will enhance stockholder value over the long term; • risks associated with possible disruption in our or our portfolio companies’ operations due to the effect of, and uncertainties stemming from, adverse developments affecting the financial services industry and the venture banking ecosystem, including the potential for the failure of additional banking institutions, as well as due to wars and other forms of conflict, terrorist acts, security operations and catastrophic events such as fires, floods, earthquakes, tornadoes, hurricanes and global health epidemics; and • the risks, uncertainties and other factors we identify in “

