TICKER: TSQ
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain disruptions or labor shortages, market volatility, political instability or a reduction in consumer confidence in the U.S. economy may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, tariffs or other trade restrictions affecting imported broadcasting equipment, servers, computer hardware, or other technology infrastructure could significantly increase our capital expenditure requirements or limit our access to critical equipment, which could adversely affect our operations. Decisions by advertisers and subscribers to delay, reduce or cancel their advertising, or subscription spending on our platforms based on changes in economic conditions could also slow our revenue growth or reduce our revenues, and SMBs, who generally have less resources than larger companies, may limit their spending. Furthermore, because a substantial portion of our revenue is derived from local advertisers, our ability to generate advertising revenue in specific markets (including concentrations in and around the Northeast, Upper Midwest, Texas and the Mountain West) could be adversely affected by local or regional economic downturns. A downturn in the U.S. economy could also adversely affect our advertising revenue and our results of operations. In addition, a significant percentage of our advertising revenue is generated from the sale of advertising and marketing solutions to the automotive, entertainment, and retail industries. These industries, among others, have been adversely affected by prior downturns in the economy, and may be adversely affected by any future downturns in the economy, and a significant decrease in advertising revenue from advertisers in these industries in the future could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Decisions by SMBs targeted by Townsquare Interactive, our digital marketing services business, to delay or reduce their spending based on economic conditions could slow our subscriber growth or increase our subscriber attrition. A decline in attendance at or reduction in the number of concerts and live events may have an adverse effect on revenue and operating income from our live events business. During periods of economic slowdown and recession, many consumers have historically reduced their discretionary spending. Consumer discretionary spending is sensitive to many factors such as employment, fuel and energy prices, inflation and general economic conditions, and as a result, the risks associated with our live events business may become more acute in periods of a slowing economy or recession, which may be accompanied by a decrease in attendance at our live events. The impact of economic slowdowns on our business is difficult to predict, but they may result in reductions in ticket sales, sponsorships and our ability to generate revenue from our live events business. If we are unable to retain our digital audience, our business may be adversely affected. The increasing number of digital media options available on the internet, through social networking platforms and through mobile and other devices distributing news and other content is expanding consumer choice significantly. Faced with a multitude of media choices and a dramatic increase in accessible information, consumers may place greater value on when, where, how and at what price they consume digital content than they do on the source or reliability of such content. The popularity of Artificial Intelligence (“AI”) driven news aggregation websites, customized news feeds 18 (often free to users), and AI driven content, including Chat GPT, Perplexity, and Google’s Gemini, has and may continue to reduce our traffic levels by creating a disincentive for the audience to visit our websites or use our mobile applications. In addition, the undifferentiated presentation of some of our content in aggregation with other content may lead audiences to fail to distinguish our content from the content of other providers. Our reputation for quality journalism and content are important in competing for revenue in this environment and are based on consumer and advertiser perceptions. If consumers fail to differentiate our content from other content providers in digital media, or if the quality of our journalism or content is perceived as less reliable, we may not be able to increase our online traffic sufficiently or retain a base of frequent visitors to our local and national digital properties. Online traffic is also driven by internet search and social media referrals, including search results provided by Google, the primary search engine directing traffic to our websites, and links from Facebook, the primary social media platform directing traffic to our websites. Search engines and social platforms frequently update and change the methods and algorithms for directing traffic to websites, or change methodologies or metrics for valuing the quality and performance of internet traffic on delivering cost-per-click advertisements. Any such changes could decrease the amount of revenue that we generate from online advertisements. The failure to successfully manage search engine optimization efforts across our business could result in a significant decrease in traffic to our various websites, which could result in substantial decreases in conversion rates and repeat business, as well as increased costs if we were to replace free traffic with paid traffic, any or all of which would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may not be able to create sufficient advertiser interest in our digital properties or to maintain or increase the advertising rates of the inventory on our digital properties. Even if we maintain traffic levels, the market position of our brands may not be enough to counteract a significant downward pressure on advertising rates. Artificial intelligence presents new risks and challenges to our business. We continue to develop and implement several AI initiatives, both internally and with external partners. Our efforts to develop, acquire or integrate these technologies involve time, costs, and other resources. Issues relating to the use of new and evolving technologies such as AI and machine learning may cause us to experience brand or reputational harm, competitive harm, legal liability, and new or enhanced governmental or regulatory scrutiny, and we may incur additional costs to resolve such issues. As with many innovations, AI presents risks and challenges that could undermine or slow adoption and therefore harm our business. Further, if our efforts to develop, acquire or integrate these technologies are unsuccessful, it may have a materially adverse impact on our business, future prospects and financial position. The use of AI by our business partners and advertisers may lead to novel risks, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations and reputation as well as that of our business partners and advertisers. In addition, the legal and regulatory framework surrounding AI is developing rapidly, and new or changing standards may require significant resources to modify and maintain business practices to comply with United States federal and state laws, as well as international laws concerning the use of AI. AI may also permit our competitors to be able to devote greater resources to the development, promotion, and sale of their software solutions and services. If our competitors’ products, services or platforms become more accepted than our solutions, or if our competitors are able to respond more quickly and effectively to new or changing opportunities, technologies, or customer requirements, or if their products or services are more technologically capable than ours, it may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 19 Our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected if we are unable to acquire certain broadcast rights or our broadcast rights contracts are not renewed on sufficiently favorable terms. The acquisition of broadcast rights is highly competitive, and we may be adversely impacted by certain exclusive content rights held by our competitors. We sometimes enter into broadcast rights contracts in the ordinary course of business for both the acquisition and distribution of media content and products, including contracts for both the acquisition and distribution of content rights for sporting events and other programs, and contracts relating to content produced by third parties on our radio stations. If we are unable to renew these contracts, as they expire, on acceptable terms, we may lose these rights, the related content and the related revenue. Even if these contracts are renewed, the cost of obtaining content rights may increase (or increase at faster rates than in the past) or the revenue from distribution of content may be reduced (or increase at slower rates than in the past). The impact of broadcast rights contracts and the terms of the contracts on our results will depend on a number of factors beyond our control, including the strength of advertising markets, effectiveness of marketing efforts, the size of audiences, and the related contract expenses and costs. There can be no assurance that revenue from content based on these rights will exceed the cost of the rights plus the other costs of producing and distributing the content. Our results are impacted by political advertising revenue, which can vary from even to odd-numbered years. Approximately 1% and 3% of our net revenue for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, consisted of political advertising revenue. Political advertising revenue from elections, which is generally greater in even-numbered years and especially the years in which the U.S. President is elected, has the potential to create fluctuations in our operating results on a year-to-year basis. For example, we had political advertising revenue of $2.2 million and $13.4 million, during 2025 and 2024, respectively. In addition, political advertising revenue is dependent on the level of political ad spend and competitiveness of local, state and national elections within each local market. To remain competitive, we must respond to changes in technology, services and standards that characterize our industry. The radio broadcasting and digital advertising industries are subject to technological change, evolving industry standards and the emergence of new media technologies and trends. We may not have the resources to acquire new technologies or to introduce new services that could compete with these new technologies and may allow us to adapt to new trends. Various media technologies and services have been or are being developed or introduced, including: • satellite-delivered digital audio radio service, which resulted in subscriber-based satellite radio services with numerous niche formats; • audio content by cable systems, direct-broadcast satellite systems, personal communications systems, content available over the internet and other digital audio broadcast formats; • in-band on-channel digital radio, which provides multi-channel, multi-format digital radio services in the same bandwidth currently occupied by traditional AM and FM radio services; • Low-Power FM radio stations, which are non-commercial FM radio broadcast outlets, that serve small, localized areas; • applications that permit users to listen to programming on a time-delayed basis and to fast-forward through programming and/or advertisements (e.g., podcasts); • iPhone/iPad and similar mobile devices, gaming consoles, in-home entertainment and enhanced automotive platforms, voice activated smart speakers, and streaming internet services such as Netflix, Spotify, and Pandora, all of which provide access to audio and other entertainment content to consumers. 20 In addition, some automobile manufacturers have removed AM radio functionality from their vehicles.  Although Congress is considering legislation to maintain AM radio in vehicles, we cannot predict whether these legislative efforts will be successful, or their impact on our business. Further, we cannot predict the effect, if any, that competition arising from new technologies may have on the radio broadcasting and digital advertising industries or on our business, financial condition and results of operations, some of which could result in the imposition of significant costs and expenses not previously part of our business operations. The failure or destruction of transmitter and other facilities that we depend upon to distribute our content could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We use studios, satellite systems, transmitter facilities and the internet to originate and/or distribute our content. We rely on third-party contracts and services to operate our origination and distribution facilities. These third-party contracts and services include, but are not limited to, electrical power, satellite uplinks, telecom circuits and internet connectivity. Distribution may be disrupted due to one or more third parties losing their ability to provide particular services to us, which could adversely affect our distribution capabilities. A disruption can be caused as a result of any number of events such as local disasters (accidental or environmental), weather events, extreme weather or wildfires (which may increase in frequency due to climate change), various acts of terrorism, war or armed conflict, power outages, major telecom and internet connectivity failures or satellite failures. Our ability to distribute content to our radio station audience and/or network affiliates may be disrupted for an undetermined period of time until alternate facilities are engaged and put on-line. Furthermore, until we fix issues that arise or third-party services resume when applicable, the inability to originate or distribute content could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are dependent on key personnel. The leadership, skills and experience of our senior management team are critical to our operations, and the loss of one or more members of our senior management team could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, including impairing our ability to execute and evolve our business strategy. We believe that our future success will depend greatly on our continued ability to attract, retain and motivate highly skilled and qualified personnel. Future success and growth in our digital businesses depends upon our continued ability to develop and maintain technology and identify, hire, develop, motivate and retain highly skilled technical and sales talent. Competition for employees with these skill sets is intense and our continued ability to compete effectively depends, in part, upon our ability to attract new employees. We will also need to be able to balance the costs of recruiting and retaining these employees with profitable growth. If we are unable to do so, our business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected. The success of our radio stations is significantly impacted by our on-air talent, and we compete for on-air talent with other radio stations and radio station groups, radio networks, and other providers of syndicated content and other media such as broadcast television, cable television, satellite television, the internet and satellite radio. Our employees and other on-air talent are subject to change and may be lost to competitors or for other reasons, and the contracts we have with certain talent generally are limited in duration. Any adverse changes in particular programs or on-air talent in a particular market could have a negative impact on our ratings and generally could have a material adverse effect on our ability to attract advertisers, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition in April 2024, the FTC adopted rules to ban most post-termination non-compete clauses and require employers to rescind existing ones. Those rules were appealed by several parties and ultimately never went into effect. As a result, there is no FTC rule banning non-compete clauses. However, the FTC has signaled such clauses are disfavored and is pursuing them via other authority in some cases. To the extent these clauses are an enforcement priority for the FTC, it could have a material adverse impact on our ability to retain key personnel. Increases in or new royalties could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 21 We pay royalties to song composers and publishers through four performing rights organizations (“PROs”).  Royalties are currently paid to Broadcast Music, Inc. (“BMI”), the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers (“ASCAP”), SESAC, Inc. (“SESAC”) and Global Music Rights, Inc. (“GMR”), for the performance of musical compositions on our radio stations and websites. We also pay royalties to SoundExchange for digital public performance of sound recordings in connection with the streaming of music. Royalty rates are subject to periodic adjustment and increased royalties. It is possible that our royalty rates associated with obtaining rights to use compositions and sound recordings in our programming content could increase as a result of private negotiations, regulatory rate-setting processes, or administrative and court decisions. In addition, should one or more new PRO establish that we use compositions to which they have the rights, the royalties we pay could increase. From time to time, Congress considers legislation that could require that radio broadcasters pay sound recording performance royalties to record labels, recording artists, and other copyright holders for over-the-air broadcasting. That proposed legislation has been the subject of considerable debate and activity by the radio broadcast industry and other parties that could be affected. We cannot predict whether any proposed legislation will become law. The proposed legislation would add additional royalties to be paid for the benefit of record labels (or other sound recording copyright holders) and artists. If adopted, these royalties would increase the cost of music and other sound recordings. It is currently unknown what proposed legislation, if any, will become law. However, if adopted, such additional royalties could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The DOJ, from time to time, considers whether to reform or terminate the long-standing antitrust consent decrees that govern music licensing by ASCAP and BMI. Any change to the consent decrees could lead to the increase of our royalty rates associated with obtaining rights to use musical compositions and sound recordings in our programming content. The use of music other than in connection with our broadcast operations and the streaming of our broadcast programming is not covered by our broadcast licenses with ASCAP, BMI, SESAC, GMR and Sound Exchange. In most cases, rights to use music on digital platforms requires direct negotiations with the copyright holders. There is no guarantee that rights to such music uses can be obtained at reasonable costs, which could restrict our ability to monetize and grow our online operations. Our substantial indebtedness could have an adverse impact on us. We have a significant amount of indebtedness. As of December 31, 2025, we had $433.0 million of outstanding indebtedness, net of unamortized discount and deferred financing costs of $24.4 million, with annual 2026 cash interest expense requirement of approximately $40 million. On February 19, 2025 we entered into a credit agreement (the “Credit Agreement”) with Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent and the lenders and financial institutions party thereto, that provides for a five-year $470 million senior secured term loan facility (the “Term Loan Facility”) and a five-year $20 million senior secured revolving credit facility (the “Revolving Credit Facility” and, together with the Term Loan Facility, the “Senior Secured Credit Facility”). We the Senior Secured Credit Facility requires fixed quarterly repayments of the initial principal amount, which commenced on June 30, 2025, with the remaining balance payable upon maturity. We used the approximately $453 million of net proceeds from the Senior Secured Credit Facility (after giving effect to original issue discount, fees, expenses and the $10 million of the Revolving Credit Facility drawn at closing), together with cash on hand, to redeem $467.4 million aggregate principal amount outstanding of 6.875% senior secured notes due 2026. Our substantial level of indebtedness increases the risk that we may be unable to generate cash sufficient to pay amounts due in respect of our indebtedness. We may incur substantial additional amounts of indebtedness, as well as incur significant non-debt obligations, which could further exacerbate the risks associated with such indebtedness. Our substantial indebtedness could have other significant effects on our business. For example, it could: • increase our vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions; 22 • require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to make payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes; • limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; • restrict us from taking advantage of opportunities to grow our business; • make it more difficult to satisfy our financial obligations; • place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt obligations; and • limit our ability to borrow additional funds for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, the execution of our own business strategy or other general corporate purposes on satisfactory terms or at all. In addition, the agreements evidencing or governing our current indebtedness do contain, and the agreements evidencing or governing our future indebtedness may contain, restrictive covenants that will limit our ability to engage in activities that may be in our long-term best interest. Our ability to comply with those covenants depends on our future operating performance and cash flow, which are in turn subject to prevailing economic conditions, increases or decreases in advertising spending, changes in the highly competitive industry in which we operate, which may be rapid, and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. Our failure to comply with those covenants could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of all of our indebtedness, which would have a material adverse effect on our business. The Senior Secured Credit Facility matures on February 19, 2030 and, under certain circumstances, will be subject to mandatory prepayments. Any failure to make payments of interest and principal on our outstanding indebtedness on a timely basis would likely result in a reduction of our credit rating, which could harm our ability to incur additional indebtedness. If we cannot make required payments on our indebtedness, we will be in default under one or more of the agreements governing our indebtedness, and, as a result, we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation. Capital requirements necessary to operate our business or consummate acquisitions could pose risks. Our business requires a certain level of capital expenditures. If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we could be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures, adversely impacting our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we may be required to increase our debt and/or issue equity securities in order to consummate an acquisition, and we may not have sufficient cash flows and capital resources to consummate one or more acquisitions. In addition, our ability to obtain financing depends on a number of other factors, many of which are also beyond our control, such as interest rates and national and local business conditions. If the cost of obtaining needed financing is too high or the terms of such financing are otherwise unacceptable in relation to the acquisition opportunity we are presented with, we may decide to forego that opportunity. Additional indebtedness could increase our leverage and make us more vulnerable to economic downturns and may limit our ability to withstand competitive pressures. Risks Related to Our Industry and Competition Our future revenue and earnings growth will be significantly impacted by our digital lines of business, which are subject to significant competition and rapidly changing technology. We invest significant capital and employee resources in our digital businesses, including our subscription digital marketing solutions business, Townsquare Interactive, and our programmatic digital advertising business. These digital business lines are subject to significant competition, rapidly changing technology, and evolving standards. As we continue to grow these lines of business and expand into new markets, we will also face new sources of competition, 23 including, in certain of these markets, from companies with longer operating histories, established customer bases, greater brand recognition and more financial, technical, marketing, and related resources. We will need to cultivate new relationships with customers, third party providers and other partners in each of these markets. We may not be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors, and our business, results of operations and financial condition will be harmed if we fail to meet these competitive pressures. In addition, there can be no assurance that our digital technologies we use or develop will be adequate, or that we will be able to establish our proprietary right to the technologies we rely upon. The ability to grow Townsquare Interactive depends in large part on maintaining and expanding our subscriber base. To do so, we must convince prospective subscribers of the benefits of our technology platform and existing subscribers of the continuing value of our products and services. Most of our contracts with subscribers are terminable upon short or no notice. The digital marketing solutions sector is highly competitive. We believe our solutions are well positioned to serve the SMBs in markets outside the top 50 upon which we focus. However, if our subscriber base decreases, our business, financial condition and operating results will be adversely affected. We may lose audience ratings, market share and advertising revenue to competing radio stations or other types of media competitors. We operate in a highly competitive industry. Our radio operations compete for audiences and advertising market share with other radio stations and radio station groups, radio networks, other syndicated content and other media such as broadcast television, newspapers, magazines, cable television, satellite television, the internet, internet radio, digital platforms and applications, satellite radio, outdoor advertising, mobile devices and other portable digital audio players. We also compete for advertising dollars with other large digital companies, such as Meta, Google and Amazon. Any adverse change in a particular market or in the relative market positions of the radio stations located in a particular market, or any adverse change in audiences’ preferences could have a material adverse effect on our ratings or revenue. Other radio broadcasting companies may enter the markets in which we operate or may operate in the future, offer syndicated content that competes with our content, or try to acquire distribution rights of media content and products or on-air talent that we use or have under contract, and these companies may be larger and have more financial resources than we do. In addition, from time to time, other radio stations may change their format or content, or a radio station may adopt a format to compete directly with us for audiences and advertisers. These tactics could result in lower ratings, lower market share and lower advertising revenue or increased promotion and other expenses and, consequently, lower earnings and cash flow for us. Audience preferences as to format or content may also shift due to demographic changes, personnel or other content changes, a decline in broadcast listening trends or other reasons. We may not be able to adapt to these changes or trends, any of which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If we elect to make significant changes to our format or content to respond to changes in audience preferences or competition in a number of markets, such changes could utilize significant management resources, capital and time to implement and our new format and content may not be successful. Competition for advertising is generally based on audience levels and demographics, price, service and advertising results. It has intensified as a result of the continued development of digital media and in recent years, advertisers have shifted dollars toward digital, putting downward pressure on our broadcast revenue. If this trend continues, we may experience a decline in broadcast revenue as a result. In addition, competition from all of these media and services affects our ability to attract and retain advertisers and consumers and to maintain or increase our advertising rates. Our success is dependent upon audience engagement with our content, which is difficult to predict. Digital media and radio content production and distribution is an inherently risky business because the revenue derived from the production and distribution of digital media content or a radio program, and the licensing of rights to the intellectual property associated with the content or program, depend primarily upon their acceptance by the public, which is difficult to predict. The commercial success of content or a program also depends upon the quality and acceptance of other competing programs released into the marketplace at or near the same time, the availability of 24 alternative forms of entertainment and leisure time activities, general economic conditions and other tangible and intangible factors, all of which are difficult to predict. Ratings for broadcast radio stations and traffic or visitors to a particular website are also factors that are weighed when advertisers determine which outlets to use and in determining the advertising rates that the outlet receives. Poor ratings or traffic levels can lead to a reduction in pricing and advertising revenue. For example, if there is an event causing a change of programming at one of our radio stations, there could be no assurance that any replacement programming would generate the same level of ratings, revenue or profitability as the previous programming. In addition, changes in ratings methodology and technology could adversely impact our ratings and negatively affect our advertising revenue. Because of the competitive factors we face, we cannot assure investors that we will be able to maintain or increase our current audience ratings and advertising revenue, which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our live events business depends in part on our ability to anticipate the tastes of consumers and to offer events that appeal to them. Since we rely on unrelated parties to perform at certain of our live events, any lack of availability of popular artists could limit our ability to generate revenue. In addition, our live events business typically plans and makes certain commitments to future events up to 18 months in advance of the event, and often agrees to pay an artist or other service providers or venues a fixed guaranteed deposit prior to our receiving any revenue as is standard in the live events industry. Therefore, if the public is not receptive to the event, or we or an artist cancel the event, we may incur a loss for the event depending on the amount of the fixed guaranteed or incurred costs relative to any revenue earned, as well as revenue we could have earned at the event. For certain events, we have cancellation insurance policies in place to cover a portion of our losses but this coverage may not be sufficient and is subject to deductibles. Furthermore, consumer preferences change from time to time, and our failure to anticipate, identify or react to these changes could result in reduced demand for our live events, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Risks Related to Acquisitions There are risks associated with our acquisition strategy. We may continue to grow in part by acquiring radio stations, digital properties or other businesses in the future. We cannot predict whether we will be successful in pursuing these acquisitions or what the consequences of these acquisitions will be. Any acquisitions in the future may be subject to various conditions, such as compliance with FCC and antitrust regulatory requirements. The FCC requirements include: • approval of license assignments and transfers; • limits on the number of radio stations a broadcaster may own in a given local market; and • other rules and policies, such as the ownership attribution rules, that could limit our ability to acquire radio stations in certain markets where one or more of our stockholders, officers or directors have other media interests. The antitrust regulatory requirements include: • filings with the DOJ and the FTC under the HSR Act, where applicable; • expiration or termination of any applicable waiting period under the HSR Act; and • possible review by the DOJ or the FTC of antitrust issues under the HSR Act or otherwise. 25 Completion of any acquisition may be approved by regulatory authorities subject to our compliance with certain conditions. These conditions may be onerous, and may include the requirement that we divest certain assets, which may include radio stations we already own or we propose to acquire. We cannot be certain whether we would be willing to satisfy any of these conditions or whether they can be satisfied, the timing thereof, or the potential impact on us any such conditions may have. In addition, the FCC has in the past asserted the authority to review levels of local radio market concentration as part of its acquisition approval process, even where proposed assignments would comply with the numerical limits on local radio station ownership in the FCC’s rules and the Communications Act. Our acquisition strategy involves numerous other risks, including risks associated with: • identifying acquisition candidates, competing for such acquisitions and negotiating definitive purchase agreements on satisfactory terms, and the related costs of these activities; • integrating operations, systems, and other internal controls, and managing a large and geographically diverse group of assets; • unsatisfactory returns on investment or an inability to achieve anticipated synergies on a timely basis or at all; • diverting our management’s attention from other business concerns; • entry into new markets and geographic areas where we have limited or no experience; • retaining key employees, customers, suppliers or other third-party relationships of the acquired businesses; • assumption of known and unknown liabilities, some of which may be difficult or impossible to quantify; • non-cash impairment charges or other accounting charges relating to the acquired assets; • tax costs or inefficiencies; and • a diminishing number of properties available for sale in appropriately sized and located markets. We cannot be certain that we will be able to successfully integrate any future acquisitions or manage the resulting business effectively, or that any acquisition will achieve the benefits that we anticipate. In addition, we are not certain that we will be able to acquire properties at valuations as favorable as those of previous acquisitions. Depending upon the nature, size and timing of potential future acquisitions, we may be required to raise additional financing or issue additional securities in order to consummate additional acquisitions. Our debt agreements, as may be in place at any time, may not permit us to consummate an acquisition or access the necessary additional financing because of certain covenant restrictions. Furthermore, we cannot be certain that additional capital will be available to us or, if available, that capital would be on terms acceptable to our management team. Due to various market and financial conditions, we may not be able to successfully complete future acquisitions or future dispositions of our radio stations, or achieve the related benefits we anticipate. We pursue acquisitions when such acquisitions are strategic and financially additive and meet our overall business needs. We engage in strategic sales of our assets from time to time, as it makes financial sense to do so and meets our overall business needs. We have also been required by the FCC to divest radio stations. However, due to financial and economic market conditions, both in the radio industry and in the overall U.S. economy, as well as antitrust, FCC and other regulatory requirements, our consummation of future acquisitions or dispositions, including those requiring radio station divestitures, is uncertain and may be difficult. In addition, we cannot be certain that we will be able to successfully integrate any recent or future acquisitions or manage the resulting business effectively, or that any acquisition or disposition will achieve the benefits that we anticipate. 26 Risks Related to Our Financial Reporting and Accounting We have remediated several material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting in prior years. If we experience additional material weaknesses in the future, our business may be harmed. Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting and for evaluating and reporting on the effectiveness of our system of internal control. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. As a public company, we are required to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and other rules that govern public companies. In particular, we are required to certify our compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which requires us to annually furnish a report by management on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Remediation efforts, when necessary, place a significant burden on management and add increased pressure to our financial resources and processes. If we identify material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting in the future, our business may be harmed. Such harm may include: (i) failure to accurately report our financial results, to prevent fraud or to meet our SEC reporting obligations on a timely basis or at all; (ii) material misstatements in our Consolidated Financial Statements and harm to our operating results and investor confidence; and (iii) a material adverse effect on the trading price of our stock. In addition, the foregoing could subject us to sanctions or investigations by the NYSE, the SEC or other regulatory authorities, and result in the breach of covenants in our debt agreements, any of which could have a material adverse impact on our operations, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and our stock’s trading price. Further, there are inherent limitations in the effectiveness of any control system, including the potential for human error and the possible circumvention or overriding of controls and procedures. Additionally, judgments in decision-making can be faulty and breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. An effective control system can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control objectives of the system are adequately met. Finally, projections of any evaluation or assessment of effectiveness of a control system to future periods are subject to the risks that, over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in an entity’s operating environment or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. Future losses could be caused by future asset impairment of our FCC licenses and/or goodwill. Under Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification (“FASB ASC”) Topic 350, “Intangibles-Goodwill and Other,” goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles, including FCC licenses, are not amortized but instead are tested for impairment at least annually, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that there may be an impairment. Impairment is measured as the excess of the carrying value of the goodwill or intangible asset over its fair value. Intangible assets that have finite useful lives continue to be amortized over their useful lives and are also measured for impairment if events or circumstances indicate that they may be impaired. Impairment losses are recorded as operating expenses. As of December 31, 2025, our FCC licenses and goodwill comprised approximately 27.8% and 27.9% of our consolidated total assets, respectively. The valuation of intangible assets is subjective and based on estimates rather than precise calculations. If actual future results are not consistent with the assumptions and estimates used, we may be exposed to impairment charges in the future. The fair value measurements for both our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets use significant unobservable inputs which reflect our own assumptions about the estimates that market participants would use in measuring fair value including assumptions about risk. Given the current economic environment and the potential negative impact on our business, there can be no assurance that our estimates and assumptions regarding our forecasts, made for the purpose of our non-amortizable intangible fair value estimates, will prove to be accurate. Interim and/or annual impairment testing, as applicable, could result in future impairment losses. The fair value of FCC licenses and goodwill is primarily dependent on the expected future cash flows of our business. If actual market 27 conditions and operational performance underlying the intangible assets were to deteriorate, or if facts and circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the estimated fair value of the FCC licenses or goodwill below their adjusted carrying amounts, the Company may be required to recognize additional non-cash impairment charges in future periods, which could have a material impact on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations. Refer to Note 5, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, Net for additional information. Risks Related to Technology New technologies could block our digital ads, and new restrictions on third-party cookies could harm our digital advertising business. Technologies have been developed that can block the display of our ads and that provide tools to users to opt out of advertising products. Most of our revenue from our digital advertising businesses are derived from fees paid to us by advertisers in connection with the display of ads on web pages for consumers. As a result, such technologies and tools could adversely affect our operating results. In order to effectively target digital advertising campaigns, we use a combination of first and third-party data. Any restrictions that limit the use of third-party cookies could impact our ability to deliver effective digital advertising results which could adversely affect our operating results. A disruption, compromise, or breach of our systems or data due to a cybersecurity threat or incident could adversely affect our business. Our business depends on the availability, reliability, and security of our information systems, networks, data, and intellectual property. Any disruption, compromise, or breach of our systems could interrupt or damage our operations, harm our reputation, and adversely affect our competitive position. A security breach could occur both from external sources, including malicious attacks and third-party service provider vulnerabilities, as well as internal sources, such as employee error, failures in our security measures or vulnerabilities in our networks or code base. Any security breaches of our computer systems, including repeated or sustained attacks or disruptions, could interrupt delivery of services to customers, potentially increasing costs and reducing revenue. If third parties or our employees are able to penetrate our network security or otherwise misappropriate personal information or contact information of our customers, audience, business partners or advertisers, or if we give third parties or our employees improper access to such data, we could be subject to liability. This liability could include identity theft or other similar fraud-related claims as well as claims that we failed to uphold our contractual obligations or legal duties to protect the privacy and confidentiality of our business partners and other stakeholders. This liability could also include claims for other misuses or losses of personal information, including for unauthorized marketing purposes. Even in the absence of bad actors, unidentified vulnerabilities or glitches in our systems could result in the loss of business-critical data or otherwise compromise the confidentiality, integrity or availability of such data. Other liabilities could include claims alleging misrepresentation of our privacy and data security practices. We could also be subject to regulatory enforcement actions or private rights of action in certain jurisdictions. The number and scale of cyber-attacks causing significant business disruptions, such as global ransomware attacks, are increasing and could pose a risk to our ability to deliver our services and operate our business. Any ransomware or other cyber-attack could disrupt our service delivery for an indeterminate period of time, as well as compromise or destroy personal and business-critical data and information within our control. Recovering from such an attack may require significant resources to restore business operations and our services, including personnel time and capital costs. In some cases, recovery of such data may not be possible. If a security breach results in the exposure or unauthorized disclosure of personal information, we could incur additional costs associated with data breach notification and remediation expenses, investigation costs, regulatory penalties and fines, and legal proceedings. Our insurance coverage may not comprehensively cover all the costs related to such breaches or attacks. We rely on encryption and authentication technology licensed from third parties to provide the security and authentication necessary to effect secure online transmission of confidential consumer information. Advances in computer capabilities, new discoveries in the field of cryptography or other events or developments may result in a compromise or breach of the algorithms that we use to protect sensitive customer transaction data. A party who is able to 28 circumvent our security measures could misappropriate proprietary information or cause interruptions in our operations. We may be required to expend capital and other resources to protect against such security breaches or cyber-attacks or to alleviate problems caused by such breaches or attacks. Our security measures are designed to protect against security breaches and cyber-attacks but may not be expansive enough, implemented properly, or appropriately complied with to prevent a security breach or cyber-attack. No network or system can ever be completely secure. Our failure to prevent such security breaches and cyber-attacks could subject us to liability, adversely affect our results of operations and damage our reputation. Our engagement of third-party service providers increases our exposure to security and data privacy risks. Select business operations, including online advertising, analytics engines and data storage, rely on partnerships with third party service providers, the operations, practices, and processes of which may be outside our control. Despite due diligence in engaging these third parties and efforts to contractually protect our interests, we cannot guarantee that these third parties will adequately protect the personal information that we share with, or that is collected on our behalf by, such third parties or that such third parties will fully or sufficiently comply with all applicable data protection laws and contractual obligations. The failure of our third-party service providers to adequately protect the personal information we process could result in a security breach of such personal information, potentially exposing us to business interruption, lost revenue, ransom payments, remediation costs, liabilities to affected parties, cybersecurity protection costs, lost assets, litigation, regulatory scrutiny and actions, reputational harm, customer dissatisfaction, harm to our vendor relationships, or loss of market share. Even where personal information is not involved, a successful cyber-attack on one of our third-party service providers could result in a disruption to our operations and impact revenues. There have been recent developments in U.S. federal and state data protection laws that we may be required to comply with and which may impact our business. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act (the “CCPA”), among other things, allows California consumers the right to opt out of the “sale” or “sharing” of their personal information, which includes any data transferred for the purpose of cross-contextual behavioral advertising. This opt-out right, and similar opt-out rights in other effective and proposed state privacy laws, may have an adverse effect on our business by decreasing the availability of and increasing the cost of data. The CCPA and other state privacy laws also impose broader obligations on covered businesses such as transparency and information security requirements, and additional privacy rights such as rights to access and delete personal information. Enforcement of these laws may carry a variety of consequences, including civil penalties, litigation, private rights of action or damage to our reputation. In addition, if any of our third-party service providers fail to comply with applicable privacy laws, we may face additional exposure and liability on behalf of such providers. While we attempt to control against such outcomes through our vetting of third-party service providers and with appropriate contractual obligations, we cannot ensure our third-party service providers will fully comply with all such obligations. Moreover, the regulatory landscape is constantly evolving and subject to ongoing interpretations and guidance from regulatory authorities. The costs of compliance and other burdens imposed by CCPA and other privacy laws could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We rely on third parties to provide the technologies necessary to deliver content, advertising and services, and adverse changes to these arrangements could harm our business. Our success depends on the continued availability and evolution of technologies provided by third parties to deliver content, advertising and services. Changes to licensing terms, technology costs, or the availability of these formats could adversely affect our business. In addition, although we rely on widespread adoption of these technologies to reach audiences effectively, factors beyond our control, including changes in providers’ business models or fees, may limit user acceptance, reduce the performance of our digital platforms, or increase our costs, any of which could harm our business. Risks Related to Governmental Regulation and Legislation Our business depends upon licenses issued by the FCC, and if licenses are not renewed or we are out of compliance with FCC regulations and policies, our business could be materially impaired. 29 The radio industry is subject to extensive regulation by the FCC under the Communications Act. Our radio stations depend upon maintaining their broadcasting licenses issued by the FCC, which are currently issued for a maximum term of eight years and are renewable. Interested parties may challenge a renewal application. On rare occasions, the FCC has revoked licenses, not renewed them, or renewed them with significant qualifications, including renewals for less than a full term of eight years. In the last renewal cycle, the FCC granted all of the license renewal applications that were filed for our radio stations for full eight-year terms. The next license renewal cycle begins in 2027. We cannot be certain that our future license renewal applications will be approved, or that the renewals will not include conditions or qualifications that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, result in material impairment or adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition. If any of our FCC licenses are not renewed, it would prevent us from operating the affected radio station and generating revenue from it. Further, the FCC has a general policy restricting the transferability of a radio station license while a renewal application for that radio station is pending. In addition, we must comply with extensive FCC regulations and policies governing the ownership and operation of our radio stations. FCC regulations currently limit the number of radio stations that a licensee can own in a market, which could restrict our ability to consummate future transactions. The FCC’s rules governing our radio station operations impose costs on our operations and changes in those rules could have an adverse effect on our business. The FCC also requires radio stations to comply with certain technical requirements to limit interference between two or more radio stations. If the FCC relaxes these technical requirements, it could impair the signals transmitted by our radio stations and could have a material adverse effect on our business. Moreover, governmental regulations and policies may change over time, and the changes may have a material adverse impact upon our business, financial condition and results of operations. For further details on federal regulation of radio broadcasting, see “Business-Federal Regulation of Radio Broadcasting.” The FCC has been vigorous in its enforcement of its rules and regulations, including its indecency and sponsorship identification rules, violations of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. The FCC’s rules prohibit the broadcast of obscene material at any time and indecent material between the hours of 6 a.m. and 10 p.m. Broadcasters risk violating the prohibition against broadcasting indecent material because of the vagueness of the FCC’s definition of indecent material, coupled with the spontaneity of live content. The FCC enforces its indecency rules against the broadcasting industry as a whole and violations of these rules may result in fines or, in some instances, revocation of an FCC license. The FCC’s historical focus on the indecency regulatory scheme, against the broadcast industry generally, may encourage third parties to oppose our license renewal applications. Furthermore, in recent years the FCC has increased its enforcement of regulations requiring a radio station to include an on-air announcement which identifies the sponsor of all advertisements and other matter broadcast by any radio station for which any money, service or other valuable consideration is received. Fines for such violations can be substantial as they are dependent on the number of times a particular advertisement or other material is broadcast. We cannot predict whether Congress will consider or adopt further legislation in this area. In the ordinary course of business, we or the FCC may receive complaints and we may become subject to FCC inquiries or proceedings related to our stations’ broadcasts or operations, and any resulting settlement with or fines from the FCC, revocation of any of our radio station licenses or denials of license renewal applications, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are required to obtain prior federal approval for each station acquisition, which approvals may be subject to our compliance with certain conditions, possibly including asset divestitures, which may be material. Acquisitions have been and may continue to be an important component of our overall strategy. The acquisition of a radio station requires the prior approval of the FCC and may require approvals by other governmental agencies, such as the DOJ or the FTC. To obtain that approval, a proposed acquirer is required to file a transfer of control or assignment of license application with the FCC. The Communications Act and FCC rules allow members of the public and other interested parties to file petitions to deny or other objections to the FCC with respect to the grant of any transfer or assignment application. The FCC could rely on those objections or its own initiative to deny a transfer or assignment application or to require changes in the transaction, including the divestiture of radio stations and other assets, as a condition to having the application granted. Although we do not currently expect such divestitures to be material to our 30 financial position or results of operations, no assurances can be provided that we would not be required to divest additional radio stations in connection with obtaining such approval, or that any such required divestitures would not be material to our financial position or results of operations. The FCC could also change its existing rules and policies to reduce the number of radio stations that we would be permitted to acquire in some markets. For these and other reasons, there can be no assurance that the FCC will approve potential future acquisitions that we deem material to our business. See “ -There are risks associated with our acquisition strategy ” for additional information regarding FCC and other regulatory approvals required for acquisitions. The information we collect and process is of increasing business importance and new or changing federal, state or international privacy legislation or regulation create uncertainty for our continued use of the information we collect and process. In the course of our ordinary business operations, we may collect personal information and non-personal information that is critical or commercially-useful to our business, including personal information related to our employees, audience, advertisers, contractors, and customers. As a result of our digital expansion efforts and third-party partnerships, the volume, sensitivity, and business importance of the information we collect and use is increasing. We collect this information directly from individuals, through passive tracking technologies such as “cookies” and indirectly through third parties engaged to provide services on our behalf. In addition to the risk that a security breach may compromise this information, this information may include personal information such as names, contact information, credit card information, geolocation and demographic information that is subject to specific data protection and privacy laws. In addition, we face increasing litigation and business risks related to the use of such cookies and similar tracking technologies. For example, we and our customers face increasing litigation risks related to the recent increase in private litigation alleging that the use of cookies and similar tracking technologies without consent violates state laws governing “wiretapping,” “trap and trace,” “pen registers,” and similar laws. We are subject to federal and state data protection and privacy laws and regulations that require us to comply with specific consumer protection, information security and data protection and privacy requirements. The legal and regulatory landscape continues to evolve, with new laws being enacted or coming into force. Additionally, we are required to comply with the CCPA and other equivalent state privacy laws, which requires us to update both our internal and external policies and procedures to meet our compliance obligations under CCPA. Compliance with CCPA may require that we change or amend activities that involve personal information, which may impact business operations or our ability to effectively use personal information in our control. Furthermore, as mentioned under “ Our engagement of third-party service providers increases our exposure to security and data privacy risks ” above, such requirements include allowing consumers to limit our use of their personal information, or delete it entirely. Regulatory enforcement actions and interpretations of new data protection and privacy laws and regulations may change how these requirements apply to our business and collection, use, storage, and disclosure of personal information, creating uncertainty regarding the continued viability of information-reliant business activities. Certain interpretations or implementation of new data protection and privacy laws, as well as the evolving legal and regulatory landscape, could harm our business, including negatively impacting the cost of doing business or our ability to engage in certain business practices. Furthermore, recent disclosures of major data breaches and company data collection, use and disclosure practices to which large segments of the consumer population have objected may result in increased interest in U.S. state and federal enforcement actions and in passing U.S. federal data privacy legislation. Highly publicized data security and privacy incidents or lawsuits in even unrelated industries may result in changes to consumer privacy expectations and demands. Such shifts may restrict our ability to collect and/or process personal information in a particular way or derive economic value from personal, and even non-personal, information. We have implemented and are implementing policies and procedures to comply with applicable data protection and privacy laws and regulations, but such measures may not always be effective, particularly as the legal landscape continues to evolve, and regulatory guidance is often ambiguous or inconsistent. Some of our internal processes are manual and rely on employees to follow and adhere to our policies and procedures, which can result in employee error and internal compliance failures. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with our policies or applicable data protection and privacy laws and regulations could result in regulatory enforcement actions against us, proceedings by governmental entities, consumers or others (including our contractual third parties), and loss in brand value and 31 reputation. Such results could possibly require us to incur costs defending against proceedings or paying regulatory fines or penalties and responding to such outcomes could consume considerable management focus and internal resources, decrease demand for our services, or increase the costs of, or otherwise limit, our ability to do business. New or changing privacy legislation or regulation could hinder the growth of our digital properties. A variety of federal and state laws govern the collection, use, retention, sharing and security of consumer data that our digital properties use to operate certain services and to deliver certain advertisements to its customers, as well as the technologies used to collect such data. Not only are existing privacy-related laws in these jurisdictions evolving and subject to potentially disparate interpretation by governmental entities, new legislative proposals affecting privacy are now pending at both the federal and state level in the U.S. Changes to the interpretation of existing law or the adoption of new privacy-related requirements could hinder the growth of our digital presence. Also, a failure or perceived failure to comply with such laws or requirements or with our own policies and procedures could result in significant liabilities, including a possible loss of consumer or investor confidence or a loss of customers or advertisers, and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, the oversight required to monitor and adapt to the ever-changing regulatory landscape could consume considerable management focus and internal resources, or increase the costs of, or otherwise limit, our ability to do business. Risks Related to Our Smaller Reporting Company Status We are a smaller reporting company and intend to avail ourselves of certain reduced disclosure requirements applicable to smaller reporting companies, which could make our common stock less attractive to investors. We are a smaller reporting company, as defined in the Exchange Act, and we intend to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not applicable to smaller reporting companies, including reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. We intend to take advantage of certain of these reporting exemptions until we are no longer a smaller reporting company. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the aggregate market value of our outstanding common stock held by non-affiliates as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter is $250 million or more. General

--- VENDORS ---
vendors where feasible. A portion of our expenses are variable. These variable expenses primarily relate to sales costs, such as commissions and inventory costs, as well as certain programming costs, such as music license fees, and certain costs related to production. Other programming, digital, engineering and general and administrative expenses are primarily fixed costs. Our business enjoys strong cash flow generation owing to the relatively limited capital needs of our operations. During the year ended December 31, 2025, we recorded $15.2 million of capital expenditures, which represented 3.6% of net revenue during the same period. In addition, we benefit from certain tax attributes that generate tax deductions which have historically limited the amount of cash taxes we pay. Our Growth Strategy The principal features of our growth strategy are: Digital First - Invest in Our Digital Businesses to Drive Further Growth. 5 We plan to continue to invest in the platforms and personnel supporting our digital growth, including our digital product technology, sales, content, and support teams, specifically in our Townsquare Ignite and Townsquare Interactive businesses. We have continually invested in our digital platform and team, including during the COVID-19 pandemic. In 2024, we launched our media partnership division within our Townsquare Ignite business, allowing us to white-label our digital programmable advertising service on a contracted basis to third parties. Given our local content contributors on-air and online generate digital content and digital revenue, we also plan to continue to invest in the hiring of local content contributors. Deepen Relationships with Advertisers to Increase Share of Advertising Spend. We are committed to growing our local sales force, training our sales personnel and investing in our business to allow us to deepen relationships with our advertisers, including developing new digital products that will allow our content, and our advertisers, to reach a broader audience more frequently and in more locations. Over time, we believe we can capture a greater share of the digital advertising expenditure in our markets across all mediums and across industries, including but not limited to, digital, radio, print, outdoor, direct mail, and broadcast and cable television. Develop New Products That Foster Interaction with Our Audience Across Multiple Platforms and Increase Monetization Opportunities. Our audience reach, our direct relationship with local advertisers in our markets, and our tech capabilities position us to launch and monetize new products and services, further diversifying and growing our digital revenue. We have invested in world-class technology and infrastructure to create best of breed products and services to serve our clients and engage our loyal audience. In the past, we have organically built and introduced a variety of new products, including our subscription digital marketing solutions platform (Townsquare Interactive), various new offerings for Townsquare Interactive including the new Business Management Platform introduced in 2024, our programmatic digital advertising platform (Townsquare Ignite), as well as mobile applications for individual stations and brands. In 2022, we developed our own CRM, Blueprint, as well as an associated app, that was awarded the NAB’s PILOT Technology and Innovation Award. We have also organically built and introduced a data and analytics tool and a data management platform that enhance our ability to create and deliver effective targeted broadcast and digital advertising campaigns for our clients. In addition to delivering revenue growth, these products and services frequently appeal to potential customers in our markets who may not access our heritage radio products, thereby leveraging our digital solutions to increase our overall customer base and revenue market share. We intend to continue to develop new products and offerings over time and to better monetize our audiences. Focus on Differentiated Live and Local Content. We generally provide a larger proportion of live and local content on-air and more original local content online relative to other local media companies in our markets. We believe such live, local, and original content is more engaging to our audience and differentiates our offerings in an increasingly crowded media landscape, mitigating the threat of audience attrition. Many competing audio media offerings, including Spotify, Pandora and SiriusXM, do not offer any local content in our markets. We intend to continue providing audiences with this differentiated local content and enjoy the advantages it provides us with our audience and our advertisers. Support Our Premium Portfolio of Brands Superserving Our Communities. Our branding strategy is fundamental to growing our audience and revenue. Across our markets, we have a large portfolio of distinct local and national brands that resonate with and appeal to our audiences. Many of our brands have several decades of heritage in our markets. Consumers associate our brands with high quality, locally-relevant content and entertainment. We intend to continue to invest in marketing and promotions to support our brands and to actively participate in community events to increase our local market presence. Leverage Scalable Infrastructure and Continue to Improve Operating Efficiencies Across Our Company. 6 Our various media products and marketing services offerings share common, largely fixed-cost operating infrastructure, resulting in significant economies of scale. We also negotiate vendor contracts with key suppliers on a centralized basis, which further reduces costs. As a result, as we grow our revenue, a significant majority of each incremental dollar of revenue is converted into incremental earnings and cash flow. Prudently Pursue Attractively-Valued Acquisition Opportunities. We have a successful track record of sourcing and integrating acquisitions. Since our Company’s founding in 2010, we have expanded our local radio station portfolio from 60 to 340 by completing more than 10 radio transactions. We successfully transformed traditional broadcast radio assets that began with almost 100% of revenue tied to broadcast into Digital First brands that now generate a significant and growing amount of digital revenue. In addition to our radio acquisition activity, since 2010 we have executed acquisitions of digital assets, which have further extended our multi-product, cross-platform offering and provided geographic and revenue diversification. The acquired assets included certain assets of AOL Music and XXL . We intend to continue to consider attractively-priced acquisitions of radio stations and digital properties. We target assets that have strong brands, enjoy leading market share positions, generate strong cash flow, and generally possess traits consistent with our existing assets. In addition, acquiring assets allows us to achieve additional economies of scale, share best practices across a broader platform, and further diversify our revenue base across our properties and geographies. Competition The local media industry is very competitive. The success of each of our digital and radio properties depends largely upon our ability to attract audiences, to develop competitive products and solutions, and to price our products attractively relative to our local media competitors, to provide excellent customer service, as well as our ability to attract and retain sales, digital, content and leadership talent, and the overall demand for advertising within individual markets. We compete directly for audiences and advertising revenue with other radio broadcasters, satellite radio, cable television, broadcast television, print, and digital media operators, streaming music and video service providers and podcasters, amongst others. In addition, we compete for advertising revenue with a broader set of competitors in the advertising industry, including search and social media companies. We attempt to improve our competitive position, maximize our audience and grow our revenue by focusing on high quality, differentiated original local content and by providing innovative and effective advertising integrations for our customers, many of whom we have supported for many years, and managing our sales efforts to attract a larger share of advertising and marketing dollars from each customer. The market for digital marketing solutions is highly fragmented, dynamic and competitive. Our competitors for Townsquare Interactive include large internet marketing providers, web development and hosting providers, yellow page publishers, newspaper and television companies, as well as other local SMB marketing providers. While some of our competitors enjoy greater name recognition, longer operating histories and larger marketing budgets, as well as substantially greater financial, technical and other resources, we believe we compete favorably and our products meet and exceed customer requirements and provide a strong return on investment due to our secure, reliable and integrated technology platform, cost-effective customer acquisition strategies, customer service and support, brand awareness and reputation, and overall customer satisfaction. We mitigate the competitive pressures by focusing on markets outside the top 50 in the United States, where there are fewer and less well-capitalized digital marketing solutions providers and local media competitors. For example, in 49 of our 74 local markets, we do not compete against any of the five largest English language national radio competitors, as measured by revenue. Many competing audio media offerings, including Spotify, Pandora and SiriusXM, do not offer local content in our markets or have any local sales personnel. We believe this competitive landscape contributes to our success as we operate strong brands with deep local heritage, allowing our brands to gain a greater share of the local audience, and greater share of advertising and digital marketing expenditures in our markets than what is generally achieved by local media companies operating in larger markets. In addition, the small and mid-sized markets we operate in are generally supported by stable, locally significant institutions such as universities, military bases, state capitals, regional medical centers and retail hubs. We believe these stabilizing institutions further reduce the volatility of advertising spending in our markets. 7 Another significant mitigant to the competitive pressures we face in our markets is our talented local leadership who have strong local roots, connection to our communities and multi-platform sales and content skills. We have built a team of in-house recruiters that is crucial to our ability to identify and recruit highly skilled employees to our Company. In addition, we invest a significant amount of resources in training our employees so that they are fully equipped to execute our Digital First strategy and grow market share. Seasonality Our revenue varies throughout the year. Typically, we expect that our first calendar quarter will produce the lowest net revenue for the year, as advertising expenditures generally decline following the winter holidays. During even-numbered years, net revenue generally includes increased advertising expenditures by political candidates, political parties and special interest groups. Political spending is typically highest during the fourth quarter. Our operating results in any period may be affected by the incurrence of advertising and promotion expenses that typically do not have an effect on net revenue generation until future periods, if at all. Macroeconomic Indicators Current economic challenges, including high and sustained inflation and interest rates have caused and could continue to cause economic uncertainty and volatility. These factors could result in advertising and subscription digital marketing solutions cancellations, declines in the purchase of new advertising by our clients, declines in the addition of new digital marketing solutions subscribers, and increases to our operating expenses. We monitor economic conditions closely, and in response to observed or anticipated reductions in revenue, we may institute precautionary measures to address the potential impact to our consolidated financial position, consolidated results of operations, and liquidity, including wage reduction efforts and controlling non-essential capital expenditures. The extent of the impact of current economic conditions will depend on future actions and outcomes, all of which remain fluid and cannot be predicted with confidence (including effects on advertising activity, consumer discretionary spending and our employees in the markets in which we operate). Human Capital Our most important core value is “You Matter.” We are not just a company; we are a team. “You Matter” means that every employee has an impact on our success, and it is our obligation to provide each employee with the tools, resources and leadership required to succeed and achieve our goals. We believe that if we work together to train, develop and reward our employees in ways that acknowledge performance, abilities and contributions, we will all grow together and share our individual and collective success. Our ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate and retain our talent is critical to the future success and continued growth of our business. As such, we seek to provide a desirable work environment with competitive compensation and benefits packages, and create a collaborative culture that is focused on a team mentality and gives each individual the means to succeed and contribute to the Company’s overall success. In addition, we have built a team of in-house recruiters that is crucial to our ability to identify and recruit highly skilled employees to our Company. In addition to competitive compensation packages, we offer a variety of health and insurance benefits, including: • Employer sponsored health insurance; • Company provided life insurance; • Pet insurance; • Paid sick, holidays and vacation; • Volunteer time off; • 401(k) plan, with matching; • Non-qualified employee stock purchase plan; • Employee Assistance Program; and 8 • Employee discount program. Race, background, age, gender, sexual orientation, religion, physical ability, perspective and life experience are all important elements of each and every one of our team members. We care about our team members and because these individual perspectives contribute a wealth of knowledge, talent and experience that ultimately benefit the Company. Townsquare's mission is to enhance the communities we serve and use our influential voices to improve and support all members of those communities. Our radio stations and local websites, together with our employees, play a vital role in the communities we serve. During weather and other emergencies, government officials rely on our radio stations to disseminate critical, occasionally life-saving, information. Our radio stations, local websites, and mobile apps also routinely support charity and community events through on-air and digital promotions to bolster fundraising activities and emergency relief efforts. As of December 31, 2025, we employed 1,804 full and part-time employees. None of our employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements and we consider our relations with our employees to be satisfactory. We employ individuals in a large variety of roles. On occasion, in order to protect our interests, we enter into employment agreements with certain of our employees, including members of the senior management team, product leaders, local market presidents and selected sales personnel and local media personalities. We do not believe that the loss of any one of these individuals, excluding certain key members of our senior management, would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations, taken as a whole. Our risks related to losing key members of our senior management team are more fully described in the section titled “

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
components of our strategy include employee training, identity management, multi-factor authentication, endpoint security, detection and response SOCs, privileged access and endpoint management, network traffic inspection, email security, local and cloud-based backups, and third party vulnerability testing and remediation . Our strategy, results of operations and financial condition have not been materially affected by risks from cybersecurity threats, including as a result of previously identified cybersecurity incidents, but we cannot provide assurance that they will not be materially affected in the future by such risks or any future material incidents. For more information on our cybersecurity related risks, see

