TICKER: TTWO
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain issues, and which could be affected by an increase in tariffs on component parts) and the continued support for these consoles by their manufacturers, including our ability to reach consumers via the online networks operated by these console manufacturers. If the consoles for which we develop new software products or modify existing products do not attain significant consumer acceptance, we may not be able to recover our development costs, which could be significant and may further incur expense to adjust our products and development efforts in response to changing consumer preferences. Historically, when next generation consoles are announced or introduced into the market, consumers have typically reduced their purchases of products for prior-generation consoles in anticipation of purchasing a next-generation console and products for that console. During these periods, sales of the products we publish may decline until new platforms achieve wide consumer acceptance. Console transitions may have a comparable impact on sales of downloadable content, amplifying the impact on our revenues. This decline may not be offset by increased sales of products for the next-generation consoles. In addition, as console hardware moves through its life cycle, hardware manufacturers typically enact price reductions, and decreasing prices may put downward pressure on software prices. During console transitions, we may simultaneously incur costs both in continuing to develop and market new titles for prior-generation video game platforms, which may not sell at premium prices, and also in developing products for next-generation platforms, which may not generate immediate or near-term revenues. As a result, our business and operating results may be more volatile and difficult to predict during console transitions than during other times. Additionally, we derive a significant portion of our revenue from distribution of our games on the Apple App Store and the Google Play Store, and the virtual items we sell in our games are purchased using the payment processing systems of these platform providers. In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025, we derived 92.9% of our mobile revenue on Apple and Google platforms. We are subject to the standard policies and terms of service of third-party platforms, which govern the promotion, distribution, content and operation generally of games on the platform. Each platform provider has broad discretion to change and interpret its terms of service and other policies with respect to us and other developers, and those changes may be unfavorable to us. A platform provider may also change its fee structure, add fees associated with access to and use of its platform, alter how we are able to advertise on the platform, change how the personal information of its users is made available to application developers on the platform, limit the use of personal information for advertising purposes, or restrict how players can share information with their friends on the platform or across platforms. For example, in April 2021, Apple began requiring developers to get explicit permission from users, on an app-by-app basis, to use the identifier-for-advertisers, a device identifier assigned by Apple to each of its devices and used by advertisers to attribute app installs to advertising campaigns, target users through user acquisition, and deliver targeted ads. These requirements are known as Apple's AppTracking Transparency framework and have been maintained in subsequent versions of Apple iOS. Additionally, in February 2022, Google announced plans to make privacy-focused changes to its Android advertising identifiers after a two-year process, taking into account feedback from developers, regulators and other interested parties. Also, beginning January 2024, Google began requiring 11 publishers and developers using certain Google advertising products to serve ads in the U.K. or European Union ("E.U.") to use a Google certified consent management platform. We continue to evaluate how these rules or changes may affect our business, operations and financial results. In addition, third-party platforms also impose certain file size limitations, which may limit the ability of players to download some of our larger games in over-the-air updates. Aside from these over-the-air file size limitations, a larger game file size could cause players to delete our games once the file size grows beyond the capacity of their devices’ storage limitations or could reduce the number of downloads of these games. Such changes of terms of use with third-party platforms may decrease the visibility or availability of our games, limit our distribution capabilities, prevent access to our existing games, reduce the amount of revenue and bookings we may recognize from in-game purchases, increase our costs to operate on these platforms or result in the exclusion or limitation of our games on such platforms. Any such changes could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Moreover, if we violate, or a platform provider believes we have violated, its terms of service (or if there is any change or deterioration in our relationship with these platform providers), that platform provider could limit or discontinue our access to the platform. A platform provider could also limit or discontinue our access to the platform if it establishes more favorable relationships with one or more of our competitors or it determines that we are a competitor. Any limit or discontinuation of our access to any platform could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Furthermore, obtaining and maintaining high ratings of our games on the third-party platforms on which we operate are important as they help drive players to find our games. If the ratings of any of our games decline or if we receive significant negative reviews that result in a decrease in our ratings, our games could be more difficult for players to find or recommend. In addition, we may be subject to negative review campaigns or defamation campaigns intended to harm our ratings. Any such decline may lead to loss of players and revenues, additional advertising and marketing costs, and reputation harm. We also rely on the continued popularity, customer adoption, and functionality of third-party platforms. In the past, some of these platform providers have been unavailable for short periods of time or experienced issues with their in-app purchasing functionality. If either of these events recurs on a prolonged, or even short-term, basis or other similar issues arise that impact players’ ability to access our games, access social features or purchase a license to virtual items, our business, financial condition, results of operations or reputation may be harmed. We cannot publish our titles without the approval of hardware licensors that are also our competitors, and we rely on a limited number of channel partners, some of whom influence the fee structures for online distribution of our games on their platforms. We are required to obtain licenses from certain of our competitors, including Sony and Microsoft, to develop and publish titles for their respective hardware platforms. Our existing platform licenses require that we obtain approval for the publication of new titles on a title-by-title basis. As a result, the number of titles we are able to publish for these hardware platforms, our ability to manage the timing of the release of these titles, and, accordingly, our net revenue from titles for these hardware platforms, may be limited. If a licensor chooses not to renew or extend our license agreement at the end of its current term, or if a licensor were to terminate our license for any reason or does not approve one or more of our titles, we may be unable to publish that title as well as additional titles for that licensor's platform. During or following a console transition, like the one that occurred in 2020, hardware platform manufacturers may seek to change the terms governing our relationships with them. Termination of any such agreements or disapproval of titles could seriously hurt our business and prospects. We may be unable to continue to enter into license agreements for certain current generation platforms on satisfactory terms or at all. Failure to enter into any such agreement could also seriously hurt our business. In addition, because our products compete with a vast array of other interactive entertainment software products that also are available on these hardware platforms, a hardware platform manufacturer may give priority to those competing products. In addition, platform providers, such as Sony and Microsoft, control the networks over which consumers purchase digital products and services for their platforms and through which we provide online game capabilities for our products. The control that these platform providers have over consumer access to our games, the fee structures and/or retail pricing for products and services for their platforms and online networks and the terms and conditions under which we do business with them could impact the availability of our products or the volume of purchases of our products made over their networks and our profitability. The networks provided by these platform providers are the exclusive means of selling and distributing our content on these platforms. If the platform provider establishes terms that restrict our offerings on its platform, significantly alters the financial terms on which these products or services are offered, or does not approve the inclusion of content on its platform, our business could be negatively impacted. Increased competition for digital “shelf space” has put channel partners in more favorable bargaining positions in relation to such terms of distribution. 12 We also derive significant revenues from distribution on third‑party mobile and web platforms, such as the Apple App Store, the Google Play Store, and Facebook, which are also our direct competitors and, in some cases, the exclusive means through which our content reaches gamers on those platforms, and most of the virtual currency we sell is purchased using these platform providers’ payment processing systems. Because of the significant use of our games on mobile devices, our application must remain interoperable with these and other popular mobile app stores and platforms, and related hardware. We are subject to the standard policies and terms of service of these platforms. These policies and terms of service govern the availability, promotion, distribution, content, and operation of applications and experiences on such platforms. Each provider of these platforms has broad discretion to change and interpret its terms of service and policies with respect to our games and those changes may be unfavorable to us. If these platforms deny access to our games, or modify their current discovery mechanisms, communication channels available to developers, operating systems, or other policies and terms of service (including fees), our business could be negatively impacted. For example, at any time, the platform providers can change their policies on how we operate on their operating system or in their application stores by applying content moderation for applications and advertising or imposing technical or code requirements. These actions by the platform providers may affect our ability to collect, process, and use data as desired and could negatively impact our ability to leverage data about the experiences our games provide to players, which in turn could impact our resource planning and feature development planning for our products. These platform providers or their services may be unavailable, may not function as intended, or may experience issues with their in‑app purchasing functionality. Some of these platforms have retained the right to change the fee structures for online distribution of both paid content and free content (including patches and corrections), and their ability to set or influence royalty rates may increase costs, which could negatively affect our operating margins. Further, if we are unable to distribute our content in a cost-effective or profitable manner through such distribution channels, it could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results. There is no guarantee that new devices, platforms, systems and software application stores will continue to support our games or that we will be able to maintain the same level of service on these new systems. If it becomes more difficult for our players to access and engage with our games, our business and player retention, growth, and engagement could be significantly harmed. We rely on complex information technology systems and networks to operate our business. Any significant system or network disruption or cyberattack could have a negative impact on our business. We rely on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of complex information technology systems and networks, some of which are within Take-Two and some of which are managed or hosted by third-party providers. The supply chain of hardware needed to maintain this technological infrastructure has been disrupted and geopolitical events, including the Russia-Ukraine war and the Israel-Hamas war and any indirect effects may further complicate existing supply chain constraints. All information technology systems and networks are potentially vulnerable to damage or interruption from a variety of sources, including but not limited to cyberattacks, computer viruses, malicious software, security breaches, energy blackouts, natural disasters, terrorism, war, and telecommunication or other critical infrastructure failures. We securely store the source code for our interactive entertainment software products as it is created. A breach, whether physical, electronic, or otherwise, of the systems on which such source code and other sensitive data are stored could lead to damage or piracy of our software. In addition, certain parties with whom we do business are given access to our sensitive and proprietary information in order to provide services and support our team. These third parties may misappropriate our information and engage in unauthorized use of it. A data intrusion into a server for a game with online features or for our proprietary online gaming service could also disrupt the operation of such game or platform. Further, the risk of such a breach may be heightened by world events, such as the Russia-Ukraine war and the Israel-Hamas war. If we or these third parties are subject to data security breaches, we may have a loss in sales or increased costs arising from the restoration or implementation of additional security measures which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results. Any theft and/or unauthorized use or publication of our trade secrets and other confidential business information because of such an event could adversely affect our competitive position, reputation, brand, and future sales of our products. Our business could be subject to significant disruption, and we could suffer monetary and other losses and reputational harm, in the event of such incidents and claims. We have faced, and in the future could face, sophisticated attacks, including attacks referred to as advanced persistent threats, which are cyberattacks aimed at compromising our intellectual property and other commercially sensitive information, such as the source code and game assets for our software or confidential customer or employee information, which remain undetected for prolonged periods of time. In September 2022, we experienced a network intrusion in which an unauthorized third party illegally accessed and downloaded confidential information from Rockstar Games’ systems, including early development footage for the next Grand Theft Auto. Subsequently, also in September 2022, an unauthorized third party illegally accessed credentials for a vendor platform that 2K Games uses to provide help desk support to its customers. The unauthorized third party sent a communication to certain players containing a malicious link. 2K Games immediately notified all affected users and took steps to restrict further unauthorized activity until service was restored. In connection with this activity (the “Cybersecurity Incident”), we have incurred certain immaterial incremental one-time costs related to consultants, experts and data recovery efforts and expect to incur additional costs related to cybersecurity protections in the future. We have 13 implemented and will continue to implement a variety of measures to enhance further our cybersecurity protections. See “ Part II, Item 7 - Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Cybersecurity Incident ” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 for further discussion. Our software supply chain may also be subject to attacks, which may result in future security incidents and breaches. Information technology system disruptions, network failures, or security breaches (including the Cybersecurity Incident and similar incidents) have negatively affected, and in the future could negatively affect our business continuity, operations, financial results, and the reliability and stability of our products and services. These risks extend to the networks and e-commerce sites of console platform providers and other partners who sell or host our content online. The risk of such threats is heightened by events outside of our control, such as the extended period of remote work arrangements, the Russia-Ukraine war and the Israel-Hamas war. The risk could also be affected by events substantially within our control, such as the migration of data among data centers and to third-party hosted environments, and the performance of upgrades and maintenance on our systems. Along with our partners, we have expended, and expect to continue to expend, financial and operational resources to implement certain systems, processes, and technologies to guard against cyber risks and to help protect our data and systems. However, the techniques used to exploit, disable, damage, disrupt or gain access to our networks, our products and services, supporting technological infrastructure, intellectual property and other assets change frequently, continue to evolve in sophistication and volume, and may not be detected for long periods of time. Our systems, processes and technologies, and the systems, processes and technologies of our business partners or our third-party service providers, have not been and in the future may not be adequate against all eventualities. We do not have redundancy for all our systems and our disaster recovery planning may not account for all outcomes. As our digital business grows, we will require an increasing amount of internal and external technical infrastructure, including network capacity and computing power to continue to satisfy the needs of our players. It is possible that we may fail to scale effectively and grow this technical infrastructure to accommodate increased demands, which may adversely affect the reliable and stable performance of our games and services, therefore negatively impacting our business . In addition, the costs to respond to, mitigate, or notify affected parties of cyberattacks and other security vulnerabilities are significant. Failures to prevent or mitigate security breaches or cyber risks, or detect or respond adequately to a security breach or cyber risk, could result in a loss of anticipated revenue, interruptions to our products and services, our having to incur significant remediation and notification costs, a degradation of the user experience, causing consumers to lose confidence in our products and services, and thereby harming our reputation, prompting regulatory inquiries and significant legal and financial costs. Additionally, applicable insurance policies may be insufficient to reimburse us for all such losses, and it is uncertain whether we will be able to maintain the current level of insurance coverage in the future on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Successful exploitation of any vulnerabilities in our systems can have other negative effects upon the products, services and user experience we offer. In particular, the virtual economies that we have established in many of our games are subject to abuse, exploitation and other forms of fraudulent activity that can negatively affect our business. Virtual economies involve the use of virtual currency or virtual assets that can be used or redeemed by a player within a particular game or service. Although we have implemented and continue to develop programs reasonably designed to prevent such negative impacts, the abuse or exploitation of our virtual economies can include the illegitimate generation and sale of accounts and/or virtual items in black markets. These kinds of activities and the steps that we take to address and prevent these issues may result in a loss of anticipated revenue, interfere with players’ enjoyment of a balanced game environment and cause reputational harm. Our business could be adversely affected if our consumer data protection measures are not seen as adequate or there are breaches of our security measures or unintended disclosures of consumer data. We collect and store consumer information, including personal information. We take measures to protect the consumer information we hold from unauthorized access or disclosure. It is possible that our security controls over consumer information may not prevent the improper access to, use of, or disclosure of personal information. In addition, due to the high-profile nature of our products, we may draw a disproportionately higher amount of attention and attempts to breach our security controls than companies with lower profile products. A security incident, such as the Cybersecurity Incident, that leads to disclosure of consumer information (including personal information) could harm our reputation, compel us to comply with disparate breach notification laws in various locations and otherwise subject us to liability under laws that protect personal information, any of which could result in increased costs or loss of revenue. A resulting perception that our products or services do not adequately protect personal information could result in a loss of current or potential consumers and business partners. In addition, if any of our business partners experience a security incident that leads to disclosure of consumer information, our reputation could be harmed, resulting in loss of revenue. In addition, certain of our products include online functionality. The ability of our products to enable this functionality, and our ability to offer content through a video game platform's digital distribution channel, is dependent upon the continued operation and security of such platform's online network. These third-party networks, as well as our own internal systems and 14 websites, and the related security measures may be breached as a result of third-party action, including intentional misconduct by computer hackers, employee error, malfeasance or otherwise, and result in someone obtaining unauthorized access to our customers' information or our data, including our intellectual property and other confidential business information, or our information technology systems. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, or to sabotage systems, change frequently and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. Compounding these risks, as artificial intelligence capabilities develop rapidly, individuals or groups of hackers and sophisticated organizations, may use these technologies to create new sophisticated attack methods that are increasingly automated, targeted, coordinated, and more difficult to defend against. Further, the risk of such a breach may be heightened by world events, such as the Russia-Ukraine war and the Israel-Hamas war. If an actual or perceived breach of our safeguards occurs, we may lose business, suffer irreparable damage to our reputation, and/or incur significant costs and expenses relating to the investigation and possible litigation of claims relating to such event. We depend on our key management and product development personnel. Our continued success will depend to a significant extent on our senior management team and our relationship with ZMC Advisors, L.P. ("ZMC"). Our Executive Chairman/Chief Executive Officer and President are partners of ZMC. We are also highly dependent on the expertise, skills and knowledge of our key creative personnel responsible for content creation and development, such as of our Grand Theft Auto and other hit titles. We may not be able to continue to retain these personnel at current compensation levels or at all. Our industry is generally characterized by a high level of employee mobility, competitive compensation programs, and aggressive recruiting among competitors for employees with technical, marketing, sales, engineering, product development, creative, and/or management skills. The loss of the services of our executive officers, ZMC, or certain key creative personnel could significantly harm our business. In addition, if one or more key employees were to join a competitor or form a competing company, we may lose additional personnel, experience material interruptions in product development, delays in bringing products to market and difficulties in our relationships with licensors, suppliers and customers, which would significantly harm our business. Failure to continue to attract and retain qualified management and creative personnel could adversely affect our business and prospects. Attracting, managing and retaining our talent is critical to our success. Our business depends on our ability to attract, train, motivate, and retain executive, technical, creative, marketing, and other personnel that are essential to the development, marketing, and support of our products and services. The market for highly-skilled workers and leaders in our industry is extremely competitive, particularly in the geographic locations in which many of our key personnel are located. In addition, our leading position within the interactive entertainment industry makes us a prime target for recruiting our executives, as well as key creative and technical talent. If we cannot successfully recruit, train, motivate, attract, and retain qualified employees, develop and maintain a healthy culture, or replace key employees following their departure, our reputation, brand, and culture may be negatively affected and our business will be impaired. Our global workforce is primarily non-unionized, but we are aware of an increase in the industry of workers exercising their right to form or join a union. If significant employee populations were to unionize, we could experience operational changes that may materially impact our business. Our results of operations or reputation may be harmed as a result of offensive or potentially dangerous consumer-created content. We are subject to risks associated with the collaborative online features in our games which allow consumers to post narrative comments, in real time, that are visible to other consumers. From time to time, objectionable and offensive or potentially dangerous consumer content may be posted to a gaming or other site with online chat features or game forums which allow consumers to post comments. We have been and may be subject to lawsuits, governmental inquiries and regulation or restrictions, and consumer backlash (including decreased sales and harmed reputation), as a result of consumers posting offensive content. We may also be subject to consumer backlash from comments made in response to postings we make on social media sites such as Facebook, YouTube and X. If we fail to appropriately respond to the dissemination of such content, our players may not engage with our products and services and/or may lose confidence in our brands, and our financial results may be adversely affected. Our business is partly dependent on our ability to enter into successful software development arrangements with third parties. Our success depends on our ability to continually identify and develop new titles timely. We rely on third-party software developers for the development of some of our titles. Quality third-party developers are continually in high demand, and those who have developed titles for us in the past may not be available to develop software for us in the future. Due to the limited availability of third-party software developers and the limited control that we exercise over them, these developers may not be able to complete titles for us on a timely basis or within acceptable quality standards, if at all. We have entered into 15 agreements with third parties to acquire the rights to publish and distribute interactive entertainment software as well as to use licensed intellectual properties in our titles. These agreements typically require us to make development payments, pay royalties, and satisfy other conditions. Our development payments may not be sufficient to permit developers to develop new software successfully, which could result in material delays and significant increases in our costs to bring particular products to market. Software development costs, promotion and marketing expenses and royalties payable to software developers and third-party licensors have continued to increase and reduce potential profits derived from sales of our software. Future sales of our titles may not be sufficient to recover development payments and advances to software developers and licensors, and we may not have adequate financial and other resources to satisfy our contractual commitments to such developers. If we fail to satisfy our obligations under agreements with third-party developers and licensors, the agreements may be terminated or modified in ways that are burdensome to us and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. In addition, disputes occasionally arise with external developers, including with respect to game content, launch timing, achievement of certain milestones, the game development timeline, marketing campaigns, contractual terms, and interpretation. If we have disputes with external developers or they cannot meet product development schedules, acquire certain approvals or are otherwise unable or unwilling to honor their obligations to us, we may delay or cancel previously announced games, alter our launch schedule or experience increased costs and expenses, which could result in a delay or significant shortfall in anticipated revenue, harm our profitability and reputation, and cause our financial results to be materially affected. Our business may be harmed if our distributors, retailers, development, and licensing partners, or other third parties with whom we do business are unable to honor their commitments or act in ways that put our brand at risk. In many cases, our business partners are given access to sensitive and proprietary information or control over our intellectual property to provide services and support to our team. These third parties may misappropriate or misuse our information or intellectual property and engage in unauthorized use of it. Further, the failure of these third parties to provide adequate services and technologies or to adequately maintain or update their services and technologies could result in a disruption to our business operations or an adverse effect on our reputation and may negatively impact our business. At the same time, if the media, consumers, or employees raise any concerns about our actions with respect to third parties including consumers who play our games, this could also damage our reputation or our business. Further, should we terminate our relationship with a third-party business partner for any reason, we may experience interruptions in our business and incur costs as we transition to a new partner. The increasing importance of digital sales and free-to-play games to our business exposes us to the risks of that business model, including greater competition. The proportion of our revenues derived from digital content delivery, as compared to traditional retail sales, has increased significantly in recent years. The increased importance of digital content delivery in our industry, including through subscription-based access to a portfolio of interactive content, increases our potential competition, as the minimum capital needed to produce and publish a digitally delivered game is significantly less than that needed to produce and publish one that is delivered through retail distribution. This shift also requires us to dedicate capital to developing and implementing alternative marketing strategies, which may not be successful. If either occurs, we may be unable to effectively market and distribute our products, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results. In addition, a continuing shift to digital delivery could result in a deprioritization of our products by traditional retailers. Also, while digitally‑distributed products generally have higher profit margins than retail sales, as business shifts to digital distribution, the volume of orders from retailers for physical discs has been, and is expected to be, reduced. We are also increasingly dependent on our ability to develop, enhance, and monetize free‑to‑play games . As such, we are increasingly exposed to the risks of the free‑to‑play business model. For example, we may invest in the development of new free‑to‑play interactive entertainment products that do not achieve significant commercial success, in which case our revenues from those products likely will be lower than anticipated and we may not recover our development costs. Further, our business may be negatively impacted if: (i) we are unable to encourage new and existing consumers to purchase our virtual items, (ii) we fail to offer monetization features that appeal to these consumers, (iii) our platform providers make it more difficult or expensive for players to purchase our virtual items, (iv) we cannot encourage significant additional consumers to purchase virtual items in our game, or (v) our free-to-play releases reduce sales of our other games. Successfully monetizing free-to-play games is difficult and requires that we deliver valuable and entertaining player experiences that a sufficient number of players will pay for or that we are able to otherwise sufficiently monetize our games (for example, by serving in-game advertising). The success of our games depends, in part, on unpredictable and volatile factors beyond our control including consumer preferences, competing games, new mobile platforms and the availability of other entertainment experiences. If our games do not meet consumer expectations, or if they are not brought to market in a timely and effective manner, our revenue and financial performance will be negatively affected. 16 In addition to the market factors noted above, our ability to successfully develop games for mobile platforms and their ability to achieve commercial success will depend on our ability to: • effectively market our games to existing and new players; • achieve benefits from our player acquisition costs; • achieve viral organic growth and gain customer interest in our games through free or more efficient channels; • adapt to changing player preferences; • adapt to new technologies and feature sets for mobile and other devices; • expand and enhance games after their initial release; • attract, retain and motivate talented and experienced game designers, product managers and engineers; • partner with mobile platforms and obtain featuring opportunities; • continue to adapt game feature sets for an increasingly diverse set of mobile devices, including various operating systems and specifications, limited bandwidth and varying processing power and screen sizes; • minimize launch delays and cost overruns on the development of new games and features; • achieve and maintain successful customer engagement and effectively monetize our games; • maintain a quality social game experience and retain our players; • develop games that can build upon or become franchise games; • compete successfully against a large and growing number of existing market participants; • accurately forecast the timing and expense of our operations, including game and feature development, marketing and customer acquisition, customer adoption and success of bookings growth; • minimize and quickly resolve bugs or outages; and • acquire and successfully integrate high quality mobile game assets, personnel or companies. These and other uncertainties make it difficult to know whether we will succeed in continuing to develop successful live service games and launch new games and features in accordance with our operating plan. If we do not succeed in doing so, our business, financial condition, results of operations and reputation will suffer. We derive revenues from advertisements and offers that are incorporated into our free-to-play games through relationships with third parties. If we are unable to continue to compete for these advertisements and offers, or if any events occur that negatively impact our relationships with advertisers, such as adverse litigation, regulatory investigations, federal or state legislation that requires more device settings to opt-out of advertising, analytics, data sharing with third party services or other changes made by these third parties, our advertising revenues and operating results would be negatively impacted. We derive revenue from advertisements and offers we serve to players. We need to maintain good relationships with advertisers to provide us with a sufficient inventory of advertisements and offers. Online advertising, including through mobile games and other mobile applications, is an intensely competitive industry. Many large companies, such as Amazon, Facebook and Google, invest significantly in data analytics to make their websites and platforms more attractive to advertisers. For our advertising business to continue to succeed, we need to continue to demonstrate the reach of our player network and success of our advertising partners. If our relationship with any advertising partners terminates for any reason, or if the commercial terms of our relationships are changed or do not continue to be renewed on favorable terms, we would need to qualify new advertising partners, which could negatively impact our revenues, at least in the short term. Alternatively, if our advertising inventory is unavailable and demand exceeds supply, our ability to generate further revenues from advertising would be limited, particularly during peak hours and in key geographies. This could have an adverse effect on our reputation and our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, if we include advertising in our games that players view as excessive, such advertising may materially detract from players’ gaming experiences, thereby creating player dissatisfaction, which may cause us to lose players and revenues and may negatively affect the in-game experience for players making purchases of virtual items in our games. In addition, Internet-connected devices and operating systems controlled by third parties increasingly contain features that allow device users to disable functionality that allows for the delivery of targeted advertising on their devices. Device and browser manufacturers may include or expand these features as part of their standard device specifications, and state or federal regulators may mandate more user settings to limit targeted advertising, analytics, or other data sharing with third parties. For example, Apple previously created a proprietary identifier-for-advertisers, which simplifies the process for Apple users to opt out of certain types of advertising. In April 2021, Apple began requiring developers to get explicit permission from users, on an app-by-app basis, to use the identifier-for-advertisers, a device identifier assigned by Apple to each of its devices and used by advertisers to attribute app installs to advertising, campaigns and target users through user acquisition, and deliver targeted ads. These requirements are known as Apple’s AppTracking Transparency framework and have been maintained in subsequent versions of Apple iOS. Beginning January 2024, Google began requiring publishers and developers using certain Google advertising products to serve ads in the U.K. or E.U. to use a Google-certified consent management platform. There has also been a significant increase of litigation related to data sharing with third parties, including advertising partners. This has driven 17 a need for more specific consent from users for sharing of their personal information, user interaction, and video viewing information with third parties, and it could lead to additional changes from our third party advertising and analytics partners. If users do not elect to participate in functionality that supports the delivery of targeted advertising on their devices, our ability to deliver effective advertising campaigns on behalf of our advertisers could suffer, which could cause our business, financial condition, or results of operations to suffer. Finally, the revenues that we derive from advertisements and offers is subject both to seasonality, as companies’ advertising budgets are generally highest during the fourth calendar quarter and decline significantly in the first calendar quarter of the following year, which negatively impacts our revenues in such first calendar quarter, and to the financial health of advertisers, who, as they experience downturns or uncertainty in their own business operations for various reasons, such as the economic effects resulting from world events, may decrease their advertising spending. If we acquire or invest in other businesses, intellectual properties, or other assets, we may be unable to integrate them with our business, our financial performance may be impaired and/or we may not realize the anticipated financial and strategic goals for such transactions. If appropriate opportunities present themselves, we may acquire or make investments in businesses, intellectual properties and other assets that we believe are strategic, such as our acquisitions of Zynga and Gearbox. We may not be able to identify, negotiate or finance any future acquisition or investment successfully. Even if we do succeed in acquiring or investing in a business, intellectual property or other asset, such acquisitions and investments involve a number of risks, including: • retaining key employees and maintaining the key business and customer relationships of the businesses we acquire; • cultural challenges associated with integrating employees from an acquired company or business into our organization; • the possibility that the combined company would not achieve the expected benefits, including any anticipated operating and product synergies, of the acquisition as quickly as anticipated or that the costs of, or operational difficulties arising from, an acquisition would be greater than anticipated; • the potential for the acquired business to underperform relative to our expectations and the acquisition price; • unexpected tax consequences from the acquisition, or the tax treatment of the acquired business's operations going forward, giving rise to incremental tax liabilities that are difficult to predict; • significant acquisition-related accounting adjustments, particularly relating to an acquired company's deferred revenue, that may cause reported revenue and profits of the combined company to be lower than the sum of their stand-alone revenue and profits; • significant accounting charges resulting from the completion and integration of a sizable acquisition and increased capital expenditures, including potential impairment charges incurred to write down the carrying amount of intangible assets generated as a result of an acquisition; • the possibility that significant acquisitions, when not managed cautiously, may result in the over-extension of our existing operating infrastructures, internal controls and information technology systems; • the possibility that we will not discover important facts during due diligence that could have a material adverse effect on the value of the businesses we acquire, including the possibility that a change of control of a company we acquire triggers a termination of contractual or intellectual property rights important to the operation of its business; • the need to integrate an acquired company's accounting, management information, human resource and other administrative systems to permit effective management and timely reporting, and the need to implement or remediate controls, procedures and policies appropriate for a public company in an acquired company that, prior to the acquisition, lacked these controls, procedures and policies; • litigation or other claims in connection with, or inheritance of claims or litigation risks as a result of, an acquisition, including claims from terminated employees, customers or other third parties; • to the extent that we engage in strategic transactions outside of the U.S., we face additional risks, including risks related to integration of operations across different cultures and languages, currency risks and the particular economic, political and regulatory risks associated with specific countries; and • the need to implement controls, procedures and policies appropriate for a larger, U.S.-based public company at companies that prior to acquisition may not have as robust controls, procedures and policies, particularly, with respect to the effectiveness of cyber and information security practices and incident response plans, compliance with data privacy and protection and other laws and regulations protecting the rights of players and customers, and compliance with U.S.-based economic policies and sanctions which may not have previously been applicable to the acquired company’s operations. Further, any such transaction may involve the risk that our senior management’s attention will be excessively diverted from our other operations, the risk that our industry does not evolve as anticipated, and that any intellectual property or personnel skills acquired do not prove to be those needed for our future success, and the risk that our strategic objectives, cost savings or other anticipated benefits are otherwise not achieved. 18 Future acquisitions and investments could also involve the issuance of our equity and equity-linked securities (potentially diluting our existing stockholders), the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities or amortization expenses, write-offs of goodwill, intangibles, or acquired in-process technology, or other increased cash and non-cash expenses such as stock-based compensation. Any of the foregoing factors could harm our financial condition or prevent us from achieving improvements in our financial condition and operating performance that could have otherwise been achieved by us on a stand-alone basis. Our stockholders may not have the opportunity to review, vote on or evaluate future acquisitions or investments. In addition to acquisitions, we have divested and may in the future make additional divestments of certain products and services, including by shutting down studios, that no longer fit our long-term strategies. Divestitures may adversely impact our business, operating results, and financial condition if we are unable to achieve the anticipated benefits or cost savings from such divestitures, or if we are unable to offset impacts from the loss of revenue associated with the divested product lines or technologies. In connection with these divestitures and other cost-optimization efforts, we have experienced several rounds of layoffs in the recent past, which could negatively affect our reputation and our ability to recruit new employees in the future. Any future layoffs could similarly harm our reputation and hinder our recruitment efforts. We face risks from our international operations. We are subject to certain risks because of our international operations, particularly as we continue to grow our business and presence in Asia, Latin America, and other parts of the world. Changes to and compliance with a variety of foreign laws and regulations may increase our cost of doing business and our inability or failure to obtain required approvals could harm our international and domestic sales. In either the U.S. or other countries, trade legislation, such as a change in or volatility around the current tariff structures, import/export compliance laws, a change in the relationship between either us or the U.S. and any country in which we have significant operations or sales, or other trade laws or policies, could adversely affect our ability to sell or to distribute in international markets. In particular, as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, discussions remain ongoing in respect of certain trade restrictions and tariffs on imports from Canada, China, and Mexico, as well as retaliatory tariffs enacted in response to such actions. In light of these events, there continues to exist significant uncertainty about the future relationship between the U.S. and other countries with respect to such trade policies, treaties, and tariffs. These developments, or the perception that any of them could occur, may have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets, and may significantly reduce global trade and, in particular, trade between the impacted nations and the U.S. Any of these factors could depress economic activity and restrict our access to potential partners, suppliers or other third parties we seek to do business with and, in turn, have a material adverse effect on the business and financial condition of such third parties, which in turn would negatively impact us. Additionally, cultural differences may affect consumer preferences and as a result, some of our hit products may not sell as well as they do in the U.S. Cultural differences may also require us to modify the content of our products or the method by which we charge our customers. If we do not correctly assess consumer preferences in the countries in which we sell our products, or respond to other risks related to our international operations, it could negatively affect our business. Our business may also be affected directly or indirectly by major world events, such as the Russia-Ukraine war and the Israel-Hamas war. Such events could decrease the demand for our products and services, make it difficult or impossible for us to deliver products and services to certain of our customers, or result in restrictions in trade, all of which could negatively affect our business. Further, the enforcement of regulations relating to mobile and other games with an online element in China remains uncertain, and further changes, either in the regulation or their enforcement could have a negative impact on our business in China. In order to operate in China, all games must have regulatory approval. A decision by the Chinese government to revoke its approval for any of our games or to decline to approve any products we desire to sell in China in the future could have a negative impact on our business. China has also enacted a new privacy law that may affect how we structure our business and process of personal information. We are subject to a variety of laws and executive orders in the U.S. and abroad that affect our business, including state and federal laws regarding consumer protection, electronic marketing, protection of minors, data protection and privacy, competition, taxation, intellectual property, export, and national security, which are continuously evolving and developing. The scope and interpretation of the laws that are or may be applicable to us are often uncertain and may be conflicting, particularly laws outside the U.S. There is a risk that existing or future laws may be interpreted in a manner that is not consistent with our current practices and could have an adverse effect on our business. We incur legal compliance costs associated with our international operations and could become subject to legal penalties in foreign countries if we do not comply with local laws and regulations which may be substantially different from those in the U.S. In many foreign countries, particularly in those with developing economies, it may be common to engage in business practices that are prohibited by U.S. and international laws and regulations, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. 19 Bribery Act, and by local laws, such as laws prohibiting corrupt payments to government officials. Anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws have been enforced aggressively in recent years and are interpreted broadly to generally prohibit companies, their employees, agents, representatives, business partners, and third-party intermediaries from authorizing, offering or providing, directly or indirectly, improper payments or benefits to recipients in the public or private sector in order to influence official action, direct business to any person, gain any improper advantage, or obtain or retain business. We can be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of our employees, agents, representatives, business partners or third-party intermediaries, even if we do not authorize or have knowledge of such activities. Although we implement policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these laws, there can be no assurance that all our employees, contractors and agents, as well as those companies to which we outsource certain of our business operations, including those based in countries where practices which violate such laws may be customary, will not take actions in violation of our policies. Any such violation, even if prohibited by our policies, could have a material adverse effect on our business. We are potentially subject to a number of foreign and domestic laws and regulations that affect the offering of certain types of content, such as that which depicts violence or is generated by our users, many of which are ambiguous, still evolving and could be interpreted in ways that could harm our business or expose us to liability, or result in us incurring increased compliance costs. In 2020, the U.K. left the E.U. ("Brexit"). Subsequently, the U.K. and the E.U. struck a bilateral trade and cooperation deal governing the future relationship between the U.K. and the E.U. (the "Trade and Cooperation Agreement"), which took effect on May 1, 2021. The effects of the U.K.'s future trade agreements with the E.U. or other nations could potentially disrupt the markets we serve and may cause us to lose customers, distributors, and employees. The Trade and Cooperation Agreement sets out preferential arrangements in areas such as the trade in goods and services but does not reach the level of integration that existed while the U.K. was an E.U. member state, which could have a detrimental impact on our U.K. growth. Such a decline could also make our doing business in Europe more difficult, which could negatively affect sales to consumers of our products. Without access to a single market that includes the U.K. and countries of the E.U., it may be more challenging and costly to distribute our products to those regions. The laws of some countries either do not protect our products, brands, and intellectual property to the same extent as the laws of the U.S. or are inconsistently enforced. Legal protection of our rights may be ineffective in countries with weaker intellectual property enforcement mechanisms. Competitors may use our technologies without authorization, in jurisdictions where we have not obtained protection, to develop their own games and, further, may export otherwise violating games to territories where we have protection but enforcement is not as strong as that in the U.S. These games may compete with our games, and our intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent such competition. In addition, certain third parties have registered our intellectual property rights without authorization in foreign countries. Successfully registering such intellectual property rights could limit or restrict our ability to offer products and services based on such rights in those countries. Although we take steps to enforce and police our rights, our practices and methodologies may not be effective against all eventualities. We depend on servers and Internet bandwidth to operate our games and digital services with online features. If we were to lose server capacity or lack sufficient Internet bandwidth for any reason, our business could suffer. Connectivity issues could affect our profitability and our ability to sell and provide online services for our products. We rely upon third-party digital delivery platforms, such as Microsoft's Xbox Live, PlayStation Network, Steam, Epic, and other third-party service providers, to provide connectivity from the consumer to our digital products and our online services. Connectivity issues could prevent customers from accessing this content and our ability to successfully market and sell our products could be adversely affected. Given the increasing global usage of online platforms, the risks of connectivity issues may be heightened. In addition, we could experience similar issues related to services we host on our internal servers. Such issues also could affect our ability to provide game-related services and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. Events such as limited hardware failure, any broad-based catastrophic server malfunction, extended power outages or failure for any reason of telecommunications or other critical infrastructure, a significant intrusion by hackers that circumvents security measures, or a failure of disaster recovery services would likely interrupt the functionality of our games with online services and could result in a loss of sales for games and related services. An extended interruption of service could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. We expect a significant portion of our games to be online enabled in the future, and therefore we must project our future server needs and make advance purchases of servers or server capacity to accommodate expected business demands. If we underestimate the amount of server capacity our business requires, if our business were to grow more quickly than expected, or if Internet bandwidth becomes limited, our consumers may experience service problems, such as slow or interrupted gaming access. Insufficient server capacity may result in decreased sales, a loss of our consumer base and adverse consequences to our 20 reputation. Conversely, if we overestimate the amount of server capacity required by our business, we may incur additional operating costs. Because of the importance of our online business to our revenues and results of operations, our ability to access adequate Internet bandwidth and online computational resources to support our business is critical. If the price of such resources increases, we may not be able to increase our prices or subscriber levels to compensate for such costs, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results. We use open-source software in connection with certain of our games and services, which may pose particular risks to our proprietary software, products, and services in a manner that could have a negative impact on our business. We use open-source software in connection with certain of our games and the services we offer. The original developers of the open source code provide no warranties on such code and open-source software may have unknown bugs, malfunctions and other security vulnerabilities, which could impact the performance and information security of our technology. Some open-source software licenses require users who distribute open-source software as part of their software to publicly disclose all or part of the source code to such software or make available any derivative works of the open-source code on unfavorable terms or at no cost. From time to time, we may face claims from the copyright holders of open-source software alleging copyright infringement and breach of contract for failure to meet the open source license terms, such as the failure to publicly disclose our proprietary code that is a derivative work of the open-source software. Additionally, the copyright holders of open-source software could demand release of the source code of any of our proprietary code that is a derivative work of the open-source software, or otherwise seek to enforce, have us specifically perform, or recover damages for the alleged infringement or breach of, the terms of the applicable open-source license. These claims could also result in litigation, require us to purchase costly licenses or require us to devote additional research and development resources to change our games. The terms of various open-source licenses have not been interpreted by courts, and there is a risk that such licenses could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our use of the open-source software. If it were determined that our use was not in compliance with a particular license, we may be required to release our proprietary source code, pay damages for breach of contract, re-engineer our games, discontinue distribution in the event re-engineering cannot be accomplished on a timely basis or take other remedial action that may divert resources away from our game development efforts, any of which could harm our business. Open-source compliance problems can also result in damage to reputation and challenges in recruitment or retention of engineering personnel. Additionally, the shared nature of open-source software may increase the ability of cyberattackers to discover and exploit vulnerabilities, which may increase the likelihood of a data breach, ransomware, network interruption, or other type of cyberattack against us or against third parties who may use open-source software, such as our platform partners or key

--- VENDORS ---
vendors, any of which could negatively impact our business. Our software is susceptible to errors, which can harm our financial results and reputation. The technological advancements of new hardware platforms result in the development of more complex software products. As software products become more complex, the risk of undetected errors in new products increases. We may need to produce and distribute patches in order to repair such errors, which could be costly and may distract our developers from working on new products. If, despite testing, errors are found in new products or releases after shipments have been made, we may have to consider suspending distribution of defective products or offering refunds, and we could experience a loss of or delay in timely market acceptance, product returns, loss of revenue, increases in costs relating to the repair of such errors and damage to our reputation. In such an event, the technological reliability and stability of our products and services could be below our standards and the standards of our players and our reputation, brand and sales could be adversely affected. In addition, we could be required to, or may find it necessary to, offer a refund for the product or service, suspend the availability or sale of the product or service or expend significant resources to cure the defect, bug or error each of which could significantly harm our business and operating results. Our ability to acquire and maintain licenses to intellectual property, especially for sports titles, affects our revenue and profitability. Competition for these licenses may make them more expensive and increase our costs. Certain of our products are based on or incorporate intellectual property owned by others. For example, certain of our 2K products include rights licensed from major sports leagues and players' associations. Similarly, some of our other titles are based on licenses of popular products and entertainment brands. Competition for these licenses is intense. If we are unable to maintain and renew these licenses or obtain additional licenses on reasonable economic terms or with significant commercial value, our revenue and profitability could decline significantly. Competition for these licenses may also increase the advances, guarantees and royalties that we must pay to the licensor, which could significantly increase our costs and adversely affect our profitability. In addition, on certain intellectual property licenses, we are subject to guaranteed minimum payments, royalties or standards of performance and may not be able to terminate these agreements prior to their stated expiration. If such licensed products do not generate revenues in excess of such minimum guarantees, our profitability will be adversely affected. 21 Moreover, if we breach our obligations under existing or future licenses, we may be required to pay damages and our licensors might have the right to terminate the license or change an exclusive license to a nonexclusive license. Termination by a licensor would cause us to lose valuable rights and could inhibit our ability to commercialize future games, which would harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, certain intellectual property rights may be licensed to us on a nonexclusive basis. The owners of nonexclusively licensed intellectual property rights are free to license such rights to third parties, including our competitors, on terms that may be superior to those offered to us, which could place us at a competitive disadvantage. Our licensors may own or control intellectual property rights that have not been licensed to us and, as a result, we may be subject to claims, regardless of their merit, that we are infringing or otherwise violating the licensor’s rights. In addition, the agreements under which we license intellectual property rights or technology from third parties are generally complex, and certain provisions in such agreements may be susceptible to multiple interpretations. The resolution of any contract interpretation disagreement that may arise could narrow what we believe to be the scope of our rights to the relevant intellectual property or technology or increase what we believe to be our financial or other obligations under the relevant agreement. Any of the foregoing could harm our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. We may experience declines or fluctuations in the recurring portion of our business. Our business model includes revenue that we expect to be recurring in nature, such as revenue from our annualized titles and associated services, and ongoing mobile businesses. While we have been able to forecast the revenue from these areas of our business with greater certainty than for new offerings, we cannot provide assurances that consumers will purchase these games and services on a consistent basis. Furthermore, we may cease to offer games and services that we previously had deemed to be recurring in nature. Consumer purchases of our games and services may decline or fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including their level of satisfaction with our games and services, our ability to improve and innovate our annualized titles, our ability to adapt our games and services to new platforms, outages and disruptions of online services, the games and services offered by our competitors, our marketing and advertising efforts or declines in consumer activity generally as a result of economic downturns, among others. Any decline or fluctuation in this portion of our business may have a negative impact on our financial and operating results. Our quarterly and annual operating results are dependent on the release of hit titles and therefore dependent on the timing of our product releases, which may cause our quarterly operating results to fluctuate significantly. We have experienced and may continue to experience wide fluctuations in quarterly operating results. The release of a hit title typically leads to a high level of sales during the first few months after introduction followed by a rapid decline in sales. In addition, the interactive entertainment industry is highly seasonal, with sales typically higher during the fourth calendar quarter, primarily due to increased demand for games during the holiday season. Demand for and sales of titles in our NBA 2K series are also seasonal in that they are typically released just prior to the start of the NBA season. If a key event or sports season to which our product release schedule is tied were to be delayed or interrupted, our sales might also suffer disproportionately. Our failure or inability to produce hit titles or introduce products on a timely basis to meet seasonal fluctuations in demand could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. The uncertainties associated with software development,

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
components from the related lease components. Goodwill Goodwill is the excess of purchase price paid over identified intangible and tangible net assets of acquired companies. Intangible assets consist of intellectual property, developed game technology, analytics technology, trade names, and in-process research and development. Certain intangible assets acquired in a business combination are recognized as assets apart from goodwill. We use either the income, cost, or market approach to aid in our conclusions of such fair values and asset lives. The income approach presumes that the value of an asset can be estimated by the net economic benefit to be received over the life of 72 the asset, discounted to present value. The cost approach presumes that an investor would pay no more for an asset than its replacement or reproduction cost. The market approach estimates value based on what other participants in the market have paid for reasonably similar assets. Although each valuation approach is considered in valuing the assets acquired, the approach, or combination of approaches, ultimately selected is based on the characteristics of the asset and the availability of information. We test our goodwill for impairment annually, or more frequently if events and circumstances indicate the fair value of a reporting unit may be below its carrying amount. A reporting unit is defined as an operating segment or one level below an operating segment. We have determined that we operate in two reporting units, which are components of our operating segment. In the evaluation of goodwill for impairment, we have the option to first perform a qualitative assessment to determine if the fair value of a reporting unit is more likely than not (i.e., a likelihood of more than 50%) less than the carrying value before performing a quantitative impairment test. When a qualitative assessment is not used, or if the qualitative assessment is not conclusive, a quantitative impairment analysis for goodwill is performed at the reporting unit level. The quantitative goodwill impairment test is used to identify potential impairment by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill. If the carrying value exceeds the fair value, an impairment charge is recognized equal to the difference between the carrying value of the reporting unit and its fair value, considering the related income tax effect of any goodwill deductible for tax purposes. In performing the quantitative assessment, we measure the fair value of the reporting unit using a combination of the income and market approaches. The assessment requires us to make judgments and involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. These estimates and assumptions include long-term growth rates and EBITDA margins used to calculate projected future cash flows, risk-adjusted discount rates based on our weighted average cost of capital, future economic and market conditions and the determination of appropriate, comparable market data. Our estimates for market growth are based on historical data, various internal estimates, and observable external sources when available. Those estimates are based on assumptions that are consistent with the plans and estimates we use to manage the underlying business. During the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, we recognized goodwill impairment charges of $ 3,545.2 and $ 2,342.1 , respectively, representing a partial impairment related to one of our reporting units. The impairments were primarily due to a reduction in the forecasted performance of the reporting unit due to industry conditions and changes in our strategies for games within the reporting unit in response to those conditions. There were no goodwill impairments recorded during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023. As of March 31, 2025, the goodwill balance of that reporting unit is $ 566.6 . Unanticipated changes in business performance or the regulatory environment, market declines, and other events impacting the fair value of the reporting units with assigned goodwill, or increases in the level of equity required to support these businesses, could cause additional goodwill impairment charges in future periods. Refer to Note 9 - Goodwill and Intangible Assets, Net . Long-lived Assets We review all long-lived assets, including intangible assets with finite lives, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. We compare the carrying amount of the asset to the estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset. If the carrying amount of the asset exceeds estimated expected undiscounted future cash flows, we record an impairment charge for the difference between the carrying amount of the asset and its fair value. The estimated fair value is generally measured by discounting expected future cash flows using an appropriate discount rate. Refer to Note 9 - Goodwill and Intangible Assets, Net for impairments that occurred in the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025 and 2024. As of March 31, 2025, no indicators of impairment existed. Derivatives and Hedging We transact business in various foreign currencies and have significant sales and purchase transactions denominated in foreign currencies, subjecting us to foreign currency exchange rate risk. From time to time, we carry out transactions involving foreign currency exchange derivative financial instruments. The transactions are designed to hedge our exposure in currency exchange rate movements. We recognize derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets and we measure those instruments at fair value. The changes in fair value of derivatives that are not designated as hedges are recognized currently in earnings as Interest and other, net in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. If a derivative meets the definition of a cash flow hedge and is so designated, the effective portion of changes in the fair value of the derivative are recognized, as a component of Other comprehensive income (loss) while the ineffective portion of the changes in fair value is recorded currently in earnings as Interest and other, net in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. Amounts included in Accumulated other comprehensive loss for cash flow hedges are reclassified into earnings in the same period that the hedged item is recognized in Cost of revenue, Research and development expenses, or Interest and other, net, as appropriate. 73 Income Taxes We record a tax provision for the anticipated tax consequences of the reported results of operations. Our provision for income taxes is computed using the asset and liability method, under which deferred income taxes are recognized for differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities at currently enacted statutory tax rates for the years in which the differences are expected to reverse. The effect on deferred taxes of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment. Valuation allowances are established when we determine that it is more likely than not that such deferred tax assets will not be realized. We do not record income tax expense related to foreign withholding taxes or U.S. income taxes that may become payable upon the repatriation of undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries, to the extent such earnings are expected to be reinvested indefinitely outside of the U.S. We use estimates and assumptions to compute the provision for income taxes including allocations of certain transactions to different tax jurisdictions, amounts of permanent and temporary differences, the likelihood of deferred tax assets being recovered and the outcome of contingent tax risks. These estimates and assumptions are revised as new events occur, more experience is acquired and additional information is obtained. The effect of these revisions is recorded in income tax expense or benefit in the period in which they become known. Revenue Recognition We derive revenue primarily from the sale of our interactive entertainment content, principally for console gaming systems, personal computers, and mobile. We also generate revenue from advertising within our software products. Game . Our interactive entertainment content consists of full game software products that may contain offline gameplay, online gameplay, or a combination of offline and online gameplay. We may also sell separate downloadable add-on content to supplement our full game software products. Certain of our software products provide customers with the option to acquire virtual currency or make in-game purchases. We determine revenue recognition by: • identifying the contract, or contracts, with the customer; • identifying the performance obligations in the contract; • determining the transaction price; • allocating the transaction price to performance obligations in the contract; and • recognizing revenue when, or as, we satisfy performance obligations by transferring the promised goods or services. We recognize revenue in the amount that reflects the consideration we expect to receive in exchange for the sales of software products and game related services when control of the promised products and services is transferred to our customers and our performance obligations under the contract have been satisfied. Revenue is recorded net of transaction taxes assessed by governmental authorities such as sales, value-added and other similar taxes. Our software products are sold as full games, which typically provide access to the main game content, primarily for console and PC. Generally, our full game software products deliver a license of our intellectual property that provides a functional offline gaming experience (i.e., one that does not require an Internet connection to access the main game content or other significant game related services). We recognize revenue related to the license of our intellectual property that provides offline functionality at the time control of the products has been transferred to our customers (i.e. upon delivery of the software product). In addition, some of our full game software products that provide a functional offline gaming experience may also include significant game related services delivered over time, such as online functionality that is dependent upon online support services and/or additional free content updates. For full game sales that offer offline functionality and significant game related services we evaluate whether the license of our intellectual property and the game related services are distinct and separable. This evaluation is performed for each software product sold. If we determine that our software products contain a license of intellectual property separate from the game related services (i.e. multiple performance obligations), we estimate a standalone selling price for each identified performance obligation. We allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation using a relative standalone selling price method (the transaction price is allocated to a performance obligation based on the proportion of the standalone selling price of each performance obligation to the sum of the standalone selling prices for all performance obligations in the contract). For the portion of the transaction price allocable to the license, revenue is recognized when the customer takes control of the product. For the portion of the transaction price allocated to game related services, revenue is recognized ratably over an estimated service period for the related software product. We also defer related product costs and recognize the costs as the revenues are recognized. 74 Certain of our full game software products are delivered primarily as an online gaming experience with substantially all gameplay requiring online access to our game related services. We recognize revenue for full game software products that are dependent on our game related services over an estimated service period. For our full game online software products, we also defer related product costs and recognize the costs as the revenue is recognized. In addition to sales of our full game software products, certain of our software products provide customers with the option to acquire virtual currency or make in-game purchases. Revenue from the sale of virtual currency and in-game purchases is deferred and recognized ratably over an estimated service period. We also sell separate downloadable add-on content to supplement our full game software products. Revenue from the sale of separate downloadable add-on content is evaluated for revenue recognition on the same basis as our full game software products. In addition to sales of our full game software products, we also offer free-to-play software products, both of which may provide customers with the option to acquire virtual currency or make in-game purchases. For virtual currency and in-game purchases the satisfaction of our performance obligation is dependent on the nature of the virtual item purchased and as a result, we categorize our virtual items as follows: • Consumable: Consumable virtual items represent items that can be consumed by a specific player action. Consumable virtual items do not result in a direct benefit that the player keeps or provide the player any continuing benefit following consumption, and they often enable a player to perform an in-game action immediately. For the sale of consumable virtual items, we recognize revenue as the items are consumed (i.e., over time), which approximates less than one month. • Durable: Durable virtual items represent items that are accessible to the player over an extended period of time. We recognize revenue from the sale of durable virtual items ratably over the estimated service period for the applicable game (i.e., over time), which represents our best estimate of the average life of the durable virtual item. Certain software products are sold to customers with a “street date” (the earliest date these products may be sold by these retailers). For the transaction price related to the license for these products that also provide a functional offline gaming experience, we recognize revenue on the later of the street date or the sale date as this is generally when we have transferred control of this performance obligation. For the sale of physical software products, recognition of revenue allocated to game related services does not begin until the product is sold-through by our customer to the end user. We currently estimate sell-through to the end user for all our titles to be approximately two months after we have sold-in the software products to retailers or the street date, whichever is later. Determining the estimated sell-through period requires management judgment and estimates. Our software products are sold as digital downloads. Revenue from digital downloads generally commences when the download is made available to the end user by a third-party digital storefront. In certain countries, we use third-party licensees to distribute and host our games in accordance with license agreements, for which the licensees typically pay us a fixed minimum guarantee and sales-based royalties. These arrangements typically include multiple performance obligations, such as an upfront license of intellectual property and rights to future updates. Based on the allocated transaction price, we recognize revenue associated with the minimum guarantee when we transfer control of the upfront license of intellectual property (generally upon commercial launch) and the remaining portion ratably over the contractual term in which we provide the licensee with future update rights. Royalty payments in excess of the minimum guarantee are generally recognized when the licensed product is sold by the licensee. Advertising. We have contractual relationships with advertising networks, agencies, advertising brokers, and directly with advertisers to display advertisements in our games. For our in-game advertising arrangements, our performance obligation is to provide the inventory for advertisements to be displayed in our games. For contracts made directly with advertisers, we are also obligated to serve the advertisements in our games. However, for those direct advertising arrangements, providing the advertising inventory and serving the advertisement is considered a single performance obligation, as the advertiser cannot benefit from the advertising space without its advertisements being displayed. For in-game display advertisements, in-game offers, engagement advertisements, and other advertisements, our performance obligation is satisfied over the life of the contract, with revenue being recognized as advertising units are delivered. 75 Contract Balances We generally record a receivable related to revenue when we have an unconditional right to invoice and receive payment, and we record deferred revenue when cash payments are received or due in advance of satisfying our performance obligations, even if amounts are refundable. Contract assets generally consist of arrangements for which we have recognized revenue to the extent it is probable that significant reversal will not occur but do not have a right to invoice as of the reporting date. Our allowances for doubtful accounts are typically immaterial and, if required, are based on our best estimate of expected credit losses inherent in our accounts receivable balance. Deferred revenue is comprised primarily of unsatisfied revenue related to the portion of the transaction price allocable to game related services of our full game software products, sales of virtual currency, and in-game purchases. These sales are typically invoiced at the beginning of the contract period, and revenue is recognized ratably over the estimated service period. Deferred revenue may also include amounts related to software products with future street dates. Refer to Note 2 - Revenue from Contracts with Customers for further information, including changes in deferred revenue during the period. Principal Agent Considerations We offer certain software products via third-party digital storefronts, such as Microsoft’s Xbox Live, Sony’s PlayStation Network, Valve's Steam, Epic Games Store, Apple's App Store, and the Google Play Store. For sales of our software products via third-party digital storefronts, we determine whether or not we are acting as the principal in the sale to the end user, which we consider in determining if revenue should be reported based on the gross transaction price to the end user or based on the transaction price net of fees retained by the third-party digital storefront. An entity is the principal if it controls a good or service before it is transferred to the customer. Key indicators that we use in evaluating these sales transactions include, but are not limited to, the following: • the underlying contract terms and conditions between the various parties to the transaction; • which party is primarily responsible for fulfilling the promise to provide the specified good or service; and • which party has discretion in establishing the price for the specified good or service. Based on our evaluation of the above indicators, for sales arrangements via Microsoft’s Xbox Live, Sony’s PlayStation Network, Valve's Steam, and Epic Games Store we have determined we are not the principal in the sales transaction to the end user and therefore we report revenue based on the consideration received from the digital storefront. For sales arrangements via Apple's App Store and the Google Play Store, we have determined that we are the principal to the end user and thus report revenue on a gross basis and mobile platform fees charged by these digital storefronts are expensed as incurred and reported within Cost of revenue. Shipping and Handling Shipping and handling costs are incurred to move physical software products to customers. We recognize all shipping and handling costs as an expense in Cost of revenue because we are responsible for delivery of the product to our customers prior to transfer of control to the customer. Estimated Service Period For certain performance obligations satisfied over time, we have determined that the estimated service period is the time period in which an average user plays our software products (“user life”) which most faithfully depicts the timing of satisfying our performance obligation. We consider a variety of data points when determining and subsequently reassessing the estimated service period for players of our software products. Primarily, we review the weighted average number of days between players’ first day played online or first in-game purchase and last day played online. When a new game is launched and therefore no history of online player data is available, we consider other factors to determine the user life, such as the estimated service period of other games actively being sold with similar characteristics. We also consider known online trends, the service periods of our previously released software products, and, to the extent publicly available, the service periods of our competitors’ software products that are similar in nature to ours. We believe this provides a reasonable depiction of the transfer of our game related services to our customers, as it is the best representation of the period during which our customers play our software products. Determining the estimated service period is subjective and requires significant management judgment and estimates. Future usage patterns may differ from historical usage patterns, and therefore the estimated service period may change in the future. The estimated service periods for players of our current software products are generally between six and fifteen months depending on the software product. 76 Revenue Arrangements with Multiple Performance Obligations Our contracts with customers often include promises to transfer multiple products and services. Determining whether products and services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately versus together requires significant judgment. For software products in which the software license has offline functionality and benefits from meaningful game related services, which may include online functionality that is dependent on our online support services and/or additional free content updates, we believe we have separate performance obligations for the license of the intellectual property and the game related services. Additionally, because each of our product offerings has unique features and because we do not sell our game related services separately, we typically do not have observable standalone selling prices for each performance obligation. Significant judgment and estimates are also required to determine the standalone selling price for each distinct performance obligation and whether a discount needs to be allocated based on the relative standalone selling price of our products and services. To estimate the standalone selling price for each performance obligation, we consider, to the extent available, a variety of data points such as past selling prices of the product or other similar products, competitor pricing, and market data. If observable pricing is not available, we use an expected cost-plus margin approach taking into account relevant costs including product development, post-release support, marketing and licensing costs. This evaluation is performed on a product by product basis. Price Protection, Allowances for Returns, and Sales Incentives We grant price protection and accept returns in connection with our distribution arrangements. Following reductions in the price of our physical software products, we grant price protection to permit customers to take credits against amounts they owe us with respect to merchandise unsold by them. Our customers must satisfy certain conditions to entitle them to receive price protection or return products, including compliance with applicable payment terms and confirmation of field inventory levels. At contract inception and at each subsequent reporting period, we make estimates of price protection and product returns related to current period software product revenue. We estimate the amount of price protection and returns for software products based upon, among other factors, historical experience and performance of the titles in similar genres, historical performance of the hardware platform, customer inventory levels, analysis of sell-through rates, sales force and retail customer feedback, industry pricing, market conditions, and changes in demand and acceptance of our products by consumers. We enter into various sales incentive arrangements with our customers, such as rebates, discounts, and cooperative marketing. These incentives are considered adjustments to the transaction price of our software products and are reflected as reductions to revenue. Sales incentives incurred by us for distinct goods or services received, such as the appearance of our products in a customer’s national circular ad, are included in Selling and marketing expense if there is a separate identifiable benefit and the benefit’s fair value can be established. Otherwise, such sales incentives are reflected as a reduction to revenue. Revenue is recognized after deducting the estimated price protection, allowances for returns, and sales incentives, which are accounted for as variable consideration. Price protection, allowances for returns, and sales incentives are considered refund liabilities and are reported within Accrued expenses and other current liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. Significant Estimates Significant management judgment and estimates must be used in connection with certain of the determinations described above, such as estimating the fair value allocation to distinct and separable performance obligations, and the service period over which to defer recognition of revenue. We believe we can make reliable estimates. However, actual results may differ from initial estimates due to changes in circumstances, market conditions, and assumptions. Adjustments to estimates are recorded in the period in which they become known. Payment Terms Our payment terms and conditions vary by customer and typically provide net 30- to 60-day terms. In instances where the timing of revenue recognition differs from the timing of invoicing, we do not adjust the promised amount of consideration for the effects of a significant financing component when we expect, at contract inception, that the period between our transfer of a promised product or service to our customer and payment for that product or service will be one year or less. Marketing We expense marketing costs as incurred, except for production costs associated with media advertising, which are deferred and charged to expense when the related advertisement is run for the first time. Advertising, marketing, and other 77 promotional expenses for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 amounted to $ 1,253.9 , $ 1,132.4 , and $ 1,212.5 , respectively, and are included in Selling and marketing expense in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. Stock-based Compensation We have stock-based compensation plans that are broad-based long-term retention programs intended to attract and retain talented employees and align stockholder and employee interests, which allows for awards of restricted stock, restricted stock units and other stock-based awards of our common stock to employees and non-employees. Our plans include time-based, market-based, and performance-based awards of our common stock to employees and non-employees. In connection with the Zynga acquisition, we assumed replacement equity awards, including restricted stock units and the outstanding and unexercised options to purchase Zynga common stock, and converted them into stock-based awards for shares of Take-Two common stock. Refer to Note 16 - Stock-Based Compensation . We account for stock-based awards under the fair value method of accounting. The fair value of all stock-based compensation is either capitalized and amortized in accordance with our software development cost accounting policy or recognized as expense on a straight-line basis over the full vesting period of the awards for time-based stock awards and on an accelerated attribution method for market-based and performance-based stock awards. We estimate the fair value of time-based and performance-based awards using our closing stock price on the date of grant. We estimate the fair value of market-based awards using a Monte Carlo Simulation method, which takes into account assumptions such as the expected volatility of our common stock, the risk-free interest rate based on the contractual term of the award, expected dividend yield, vesting schedule and the probability that the market conditions of the awards will be achieved. For performance-based shares, we do not record expense until the performance criteria are considered probable. We estimate the fair value of stock options using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. This model requires the use of the following assumptions: expected volatility of our common stock, which is based on our own calculated historical rate; expected life of the option award; expected dividend yield, which is 0 %, as we have not paid and do not have any plans to pay dividends on our common stock; and the risk-free interest rate, which is based on the U.S. Treasury rate in effect at the time of grant with maturities commensurate to the stock option award’s expected life. If any of the assumptions used in the Black-Scholes model changes significantly, stock-based compensation expense for future awards may differ materially compared to awards granted previously. We record stock-based compensation expense for stock options based on the grant date fair value on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the award. Stock-based compensation expense is recorded net of forfeitures as they occur. Beginning in April 2024, employee participants fulfilled their related tax withholding obligation by selling vested shares at the time of vesting in non-discretionary transactions pursuant to our mandatory sell-to-cover policy. The proceeds from the employee participants' sales of vested shares are remitted to us to cover the tax withholding payments to tax authorities. Earnings (loss) per Share ("EPS") Basic EPS is computed by dividing the net (loss) income applicable to common stockholders for the period by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the same period. Diluted EPS is computed by dividing the net income applicable to common stockholders for the period by the weighted average number of shares of common stock and common stock equivalents outstanding. Common stock equivalents are measured using the treasury stock method and represent unvested stock-based awards. Foreign Currency The functional currency for our foreign operations is primarily the applicable local currency. Accounts of foreign operations are translated into U.S. dollars using exchange rates for assets and liabilities at the balance sheet date and average prevailing exchange rates for the period for revenue and expense accounts. Adjustments resulting from translation are included in Accumulated other comprehensive loss. Realized and unrealized transaction gains and losses are included in our Consolidated Statements of Operations in the period in which they occur. Comprehensive (Loss) Income Comprehensive (loss) income is defined to include all changes in equity except those resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Accumulated other comprehensive loss includes foreign currency translation adjustments, which relate to investments that are permanent in nature and therefore do not require tax adjustments, and the amounts for unrealized gains (losses), net on derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges, as well as any associated tax impact, and available for sale securities. 78 Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements Segment Reporting Disclosures In November 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-07, Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures, which updates reportable segment disclosure requirements primarily through enhanced disclosures about significant segment expenses. ASU 2023-07 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023 (April 1, 2024 for the Company). The amendments in this ASU must be applied on a retrospective basis to all prior periods presented in the financial statements. We adopted the new guidance for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025 and included the required disclosures with respect to our one operating segment. Refer to Note 22 - Seg ment Reportin g and Geographic Information . Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements Expense Disaggregation Disclosures In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-03, Income Statement - Reporting Comprehensive Income - Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses, which requires additional, disaggregated disclosure about certain income statement expense line items. ASU 2024-03 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2026 (April 1, 2027 for the Company) and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2027 (April 1, 2028 for the Company). We are currently evaluating the potential impact of adopting this guidance on our Consolidated Financial Statements and related disclosures. Income Tax Disclosures In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures , which expands disclosures in an entity’s income tax rate reconciliation table and regarding cash taxes paid both in the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions. ASU 2023-09 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024 (April 1, 2025 for the Company). The amendments in this ASU are required to be applied on a prospective basis and retrospective adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the potential impact of adopting this guidance on our Consolidated Financial Statements and related disclosures. 2. REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS Disaggregation of Revenue Timing of recognition Net revenue recognized at a point in time is primarily comprised of the portion of revenue from software products that is recognized when the customer takes control of the product (i.e. upon delivery of the software product). Net revenue recognized over time is primarily comprised of revenue from our software products that include game related services, separate virtual currency transactions, and in-game purchases, which are recognized over an estimated service period. Net revenue recognized over time also includes in-game advertising, which is recognized over a contractual term. Net revenue by timing of recognition was as follows: Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2025 2024 2023 Net revenue recognized: Over time $ 4,504.8 $ 4,312.2 $ 4,208.0 Point in time 1,128.8 1,037.4 1,141.9 Total net revenue $ 5,633.6 $ 5,349.6 $ 5,349.9 Content Recurrent consumer spending ("RCS") is generated from ongoing consumer engagement and includes revenue from virtual currency, add-on content, in-game purchases, and in-game advertising. Full game and other revenue primarily includes the initial sale of full game software products, which may include offline and/or significant game related services. 79 Net revenue by content was as follows: Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2025 2024 2023 Net revenue recognized: Recurrent consumer spending $ 4,474.6 $ 4,213.5 $ 4,180.4 Full game and other 1,159.0 1,136.1 1,169.5 Total net revenue $ 5,633.6 $ 5,349.6 $ 5,349.9 Platform Net revenue by platform was as follows: Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2025 2024 2023 Net revenue recognized: Mobile $ 2,942.0 $ 2,748.0 $ 2,538.6 Console 2,099.1 2,167.3 2,303.8 PC and other 592.5 434.3 507.5 Total net revenue $ 5,633.6 $ 5,349.6 $ 5,349.9 Distribution Channel Our products are delivered through digital online services (digital download, online platforms, and cloud streaming) and physical retail and other. Net revenue by distribution channel was as follows: Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2025 2024 2023 Net revenue recognized: Digital online $ 5,431.8 $ 5,112.2 $ 5,085.7 Physical retail and other 201.8 237.4 264.2 Total net revenue $ 5,633.6 $ 5,349.6 $ 5,349.9 Deferred Revenue We record deferred revenue when payments are due or received in advance of the fulfillment of our associated performance obligations. The balance of deferred revenue, including current and non-current balances as of March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 were $ 1,108.9 and $ 1,102.4 , respectively. For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025, the additions to our deferred revenue balance were primarily due to cash payments received or due in advance of satisfying our performance obligations, while the reductions to our deferred revenue balance were primarily due to the recognition of revenue upon fulfillment of our performance obligations, both of which were in the ordinary course of business. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025, $ 1,044.4 of revenue was recognized that was included in the deferred revenue balance at the beginning of the respective period. As of March 31, 2025, the aggregate amount of contract revenue allocated to unsatisfied performance obligations is $ 1,329.4 , which includes our deferred revenue balances and amounts to be invoiced and recognized as revenue in future periods. We expect to recognize approximately $ 1,240.1 of this balance as revenue over the next 12 months, and the remainder thereafter. This balance does not include an estimate for variable consideration arising from sales-based royalty license revenue in excess of the contractual minimum guarantee. As of March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, our contract asset balances were $ 80.8 and $ 85.0 , respectively. 3. MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT In November 2017, we entered into a management agreement (the "2017 Management Agreement") with ZelnickMedia Corporation ("ZelnickMedia"), which replaced our previous agreement with ZelnickMedia and pursuant to which ZelnickMedia provided financial and management consulting services to the Company through March 31, 2024. The 2017 Management Agreement became effective January 1, 2018. As part of the 2017 Management Agreement, Strauss Zelnick, the President of ZelnickMedia, continued to serve as Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Karl Slatoff, a partner of ZelnickMedia, continued to serve as President of the Company. The 2017 Management Agreement 80 provided for an annual management fee of $ 3.1 over the term of the agreement and a maximum annual bonus opportunity of $ 7.4 over the term of the agreement, based on the Company achieving certain performance thresholds. In May 2022, we entered into a new management agreement (the "2022 Management Agreement") with ZelnickMedia that replaced the 2017 Management Agreement and pursuant to which ZelnickMedia will continue to provide financial and management consulting services to the Company through March 31, 2029. The 2022 Management Agreement became effective May 23, 2022, when our acquisition of Zynga closed. On May 21, 2022, ZelnickMedia assigned substantially all of its rights and obligations and other liabilities under the 2022 Management Agreement to ZMC Advisors, L.P. ("ZMC Advisors"). References to "ZMC" herein shall mean either ZelnickMedia or ZMC Advisors, as appropriate. As part of the 2022 Management Agreement, Strauss Zelnick continues to serve as Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Karl Slatoff continues to serve as President of the Company. The 2022 Management Agreement provides for an annual management fee of $ 3.3 over the term of the agreement and a maximum annual bonus opportunity of $ 13.2 over the term of the agreement, based on the Company achieving certain performance thresholds. In connection with the 2022 Management Agreement, we have and expect to grant time-based and performance-based restricted units to ZMC. In consideration for ZMC's services, we recorded consulting expense (a component of General and administrative expenses) of $ 10.2 , $ 6.5 , and $ 3.5 for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. Pursuant to the 2022 Management Agreement and 2017 Management Agreement, we also issued stock-based awards to ZMC. During the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, we recorded $ 56.2 , $ 52.8 , and $ 47.1 , respectively, of stock-based compensation expense for non-employee awards, which is included in General and administrative expenses. See Note 16 - Stock-Based Compensation for a discussion of such awards. 4. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS Recurring fair value measurements The carrying amounts of our financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, prepaid expenses and other, accounts payable, and accrued expenses and other current liabilities, approximate fair value because of their short maturities. We follow a three-level fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value. This hierarchy requires entities to maximize the use of "observable inputs" and minimize the use of "unobservable inputs." The three levels of inputs used to measure fair value are as follows: • Level 1—Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. • Level 2—Observable inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1, such as quoted prices for markets that are not active or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data. • Level 3—Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. This includes certain pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies, and similar techniques that use significant unobservable inputs. The table below segregates all assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis (which is measured at least annually) into the most appropriate level within the fair value hierarchy based on the inputs used to determine the fair value at the measurement date. 81 March 31, 2025 Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (level 1) Significant other observable inputs (level 2) Significant unobservable inputs (level 3) Total Assets: Cash and cash equivalents: Money market funds $ 842.6 $ — $ — $ 842.6 Bank-time deposits 296.4 — — 296.4 Short-term investments: Bank-time deposits 9.4 — — 9.4 Restricted cash and cash equivalents: Money market funds 12.0 — — 12.0 Bank-time deposits 1.9 — — 1.9 Restricted cash and cash equivalents, long term: Money market funds 88.2 — — 88.2 Other assets: Equity securities 7.3 — — 7.3 Private equity — — 24.3 24.3 Total financial assets $ 1,257.8 $ — $ 24.3 $ 1,282.1 Liabilities: Accrued expenses and other current liabilities: Foreign currency forward contracts $ — $ 0.1 $ — $ 0.1 Long-term debt, net: Convertible notes — 28.5 — 28.5 Total financial liabilities $ — $ 28.6 $ — $ 28.6 82 March 31, 2024 Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (level 1) Significant other observable inputs (level 2) Significant unobservable inputs (level 3) Total Assets Cash and cash equivalents: Money market funds $ 177.5 $ — $ — $ 177.5 Bank-time deposits 64.8 — — 64.8 Short-term investments: Bank-time deposits 22.0 — — 22.0 Restricted cash and cash equivalents: Money market funds 238.3 — — 238.3 Bank-time deposits 0.5 — — 0.5 Restricted cash and cash equivalents, long term: Money market funds 95.9 — — 95.9 Other assets: Private equity — — 26.8 26.8 Total financial assets $ 599.0 $ — $ 26.8 $ 625.8 Liabilities Accrued expenses and other current liabilities: Contingent earn-out consideration $ — $ — $ 12.4 $ 12.4 Other long-term liabilities: Contingent earn-out consideration — — 0.7 0.7 Short-term debt, net Convertible notes — 24.6 — 24.6 Long-term debt, net: Convertible notes — 25.9 — 25.9 Total financial liabilities $ — $ 50.5 $ 13.1 $ 63.6 We did not have any transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 fair value measurements, nor did we have any transfers into or out of Level 3 during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025. Nonrecurring fair value measurements We hold equity investments in certain unconsolidated entities without a readily determinable fair value. These strategic investments represent less than a 20% ownership interest in each of the privately-held affiliates, and we do not maintain significant influence over or control of the entities. We have elected the practical expedient in Topic 321, Investments-Equity Securities , to measure these investments at cost less any impairment, adjusted for observable price changes, if any. Based on these considerations, we estimate that the carrying value of the acquired shares represents the fair value of the investment. At March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, we held $ 8.0 and $ 8.0 , respectively, of such investments in Other assets within our Consolidated Balance Sheet. See Note 9 - Goodwill and Intangible Assets, Net for goodwill and intangible related fair value measurements. 83 5. SHORT-TERM INVESTMENTS Our short-term investments consisted of the following as of March 31, 2025: March 31, 2025 Cost or Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Losses Fair Value Short-term investments Bank time deposits $ 9.4 $ — $ — $ 9.4 Total Short-term investments $ 9.4 $ — $ — $ 9.4 March 31, 2024 Cost or Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Losses Fair Value Short-term investments Bank time deposits $ 22.0 $ — $ — $ 22.0 Total Short-term investments $ 22.0 $ — $ — $ 22.0 The following table summarizes the contracted maturities of our short-term investments at March 31, 2025: March 31, 2025 Amortized Cost Fair Value Short-term investments Due in 1 year or less $ 9.4 $ 9.4 Total Short-term investments $ 9.4 $ 9.4 6. DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES Our risk management strategy includes the use of derivative financial instruments to reduce the volatility associated with changes in foreign currency exchange rates on earnings, cash flows, and certain balance sheet amounts. We do not enter into derivative financial contracts for speculative or trading purposes. We recognize derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets, and we measure those instruments at fair value. We classify cash flows from derivative transactions as cash flows from operating activities in our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Foreign currency forward contracts The following table shows the gross notional amounts of foreign currency forward contracts: March 31, 2025 2024 Forward contracts to sell foreign currencies $ 299.8 $ 243.0 Forward contracts to purchase foreign currencies 97.0 72.2 For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, we recorded a gain of $ 5.3 , a gain of $ 5.3 , and a loss of $ 15.1 , respectively, related to foreign currency forward contracts in Interest and other, net on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. Our foreign currency exchange forward contracts are not designated as hedging instruments under hedge accounting and are used to reduce the impact of foreign currency on certain balance sheet exposures. These instruments are generally short-term in nature, with typical maturities of less than one year, and are subject to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. 84 7. SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT COSTS AND LICENSES Details of our capitalized software development costs and licenses are as follows: March 31, 2025 2024 Current Non-current Current Non-current Software development costs, internally developed $ 62.9 $ 1,845.6 $ 53.4 $ 1,237.0 Software development costs, externally developed 0.5 39.7 6.1 198.5 Licenses 17.4 7.3 28.8 11.0 Software development costs and licenses $ 80.8 $ 1,892.6 $ 88.3 $ 1,446.5 Software development costs and licenses, net of current portion as of March 31, 2025 and 2024 included $ 1,815.0 and $ 1,433.8 , respectively, related to titles that have not been released. Amortization and impairment of software development costs and licenses are as follows: Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2025 2024 2023 Amortization of software development costs and licenses $ 265.7 $ 207.2 $ 179.7 Impairment of software development costs and licenses 77.5 109.9 79.1 Portion representing stock-based compensation ( 9.4 ) ( 24.4 ) 9.5 Amortization and impairment, net of stock-based compensation $ 333.8 $ 292.7 $ 268.3 During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025, $ 42.4 of the impairment charges related to a decision not to proceed with further development of certain interactive entertainment software products. The remaining $ 35.1 of the impairment charges relate to our cost reduction program (refer to Note 21 - Business Reorganization ). During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024, $ 88.2 of the impairment charges relate to our cost reduction program, the remaining $ 21.7 related to (i) a decision not to proceed with further development of certain interactive entertainment software products, and (ii) recognizing unamortized capitalized costs for the development of a title that exceed the anticipated net realizable value of the asset at the time they were impaired. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, the impairment charges related to (i) a decision not to proceed with further development of certain interactive entertainment software products, and (ii) recognizing unamortized capitalized costs for the development of a title, which were anticipated to exceed the net realizable value of the asset at the time they were impaired. As a result of government grants earned on qualified production spend to date, our software development costs and licenses were reduced by $ 170.5 and $ 108.3 as of March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. We had $ 128.1 and $ 198.5 current receivable within Prepaid expenses and other, and $ 150.6 and $ 109.3 non-current receivable within Other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets relating to such government grants as of March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. Within our Consolidated Statements of Operations, for fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, Cost of revenue, was reduced by $ 167.4 , $ 45.3 , and $ 41.2 , respectively, and Research and development expense was reduced by $ 43.2 , $ 5.9 , and $ 4.5 , respectively. 85 8. FIXED ASSETS, NET Fixed asset balances by category are as follows: March 31, 2025 2024 Computer equipment $ 365.0 $ 298.2 Leasehold improvements 313.2 270.6 Computer software 147.5 89.0 Buildings 65.1 63.7 Furniture and fixtures 43.4 35.5 Office equipment 20.7 20.6 Total $ 954.9 $ 777.6 Less: accumulated depreciation ( 511.1 ) ( 366.5 ) Fixed assets, net $ 443.8 $ 411.1 Depreciation expense related to fixed assets for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 was $ 153.9 , $ 135.5 , and $ 88.8 , respectively. 9. GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS, NET Goodwill The change in our goodwill balance is as follows: Total Balance at March 31, 2023 $ 6,767.1 Impairment ( 2,342.1 ) Additions from immaterial acquisitions 9.7 Currency translation adjustment ( 8.3 ) Balance at March 31, 2024 $ 4,426.4 Gearbox Acquisition 192.9 Impairment ( 3,545.2 ) Divestitures ( 15.8 ) Additions from immaterial acquisitions 3.1 Currency translation adjustment ( 4.1 ) Balance at March 31, 2025 $ 1,057.3 As of March 31, 2025, the gross amount of goodwill was $ 6,944.6 and our accumulated impairments were $ 5,887.3 for a net carrying amount of $ 1,057.3 . As of March 31, 2024, the gross amount of goodwill was $ 6,768.5 and our accumulated impairments were $ 2,342.1 for a net carrying amount of $ 4,426.4 . During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025, and 2024, we recognized goodwill impairment charges of $ 3,545.2 and $ 2,342.1 , respectively, representing partial impairments related to one of our reporting units. We identified various qualitative factors that, collectively, indicated that the fair value of one of our reporting units was more likely than not less than its carrying amount, including a reduction in the forecasted performance of the reporting unit due to industry conditions and changes in our strategies for games within the reporting unit in response to those conditions. As a result of this qualitative analysis, we performed a valuation of the reporting unit using discounted cash flow and guideline public company methodologies. Key assumptions and estimates used in deriving the fair value are forecasted revenue, EBITDA margins, long-term growth rate, and discount rate. There were no goodwill impairment charges for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023. Indefinite-lived intangibles Other intangibles, net, as of March 31, 2025, included in-process research and development ("IPR&D") assets of $ 36.0 acquired as part of the Gearbox acquisition (refer to Note 20 - Acquisitions ), which are indefinite-lived intangibles and therefore not subject to amortization until the related games are released or development is abandoned, which would result in an impairment. 86 Definite-lived intangibles The following table sets forth the intangible assets that are subject to amortization: March 31, 2025 2024 Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Net Book Value Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Net Book Value Weighted average useful life Developed Game Technology $ 3,624.0 $ ( 1,781.6 ) $ 1,842.4 $ 3,788.8 $ ( 1,301.4 ) $ 2,487.4 6 years Branding and Trade Names 354.0 ( 98.5 ) 255.5 395.1 ( 68.5 ) 326.6 12 years Game Engine Technology 331.2 ( 223.0 ) 108.2 322.5 ( 147.3 ) 175.2 4 years User Base 319.2 ( 319.2 ) — 319.2 ( 319.2 ) — 0 years Developer Relationships 57.0 ( 40.7 ) 16.3 57.0 ( 26.5 ) 30.5 5 years Advertising Technology — — — 43.0 ( 26.6 ) 16.4 0 years Customer Relationships — — — 31.0 ( 11.5 ) 19.5 0 years Intellectual Property 94.8 ( 17.4 ) 77.4 27.5 ( 23.1 ) 4.4 14 years In Place Lease 2.0 ( 1.8 ) 0.2 2.0 ( 1.4 ) 0.6 4 years Analytics Technology 29.9 ( 29.9 ) — 30.1 ( 30.1 ) — 0 years Total intangible assets $ 4,812.1 $ ( 2,512.1 ) $ 2,300.0 $ 5,016.2 $ ( 1,955.6 ) $ 3,060.6 Amortization of intangible assets, including impairments, is included in our Consolidated Statements of Operations as follows: Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2025 2024 2023 Cost of revenue $ 814.3 $ 1,303.5 $ 1,171.5 Selling and marketing 4.1 51.0 277.1 Research and development 28.7 28.7 24.6 Depreciation and amortization 75.5 35.7 33.5 Total amortization of intangible assets $ 922.6 $ 1,418.9 $ 1,506.7 During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025, we recorded impairment charges of $ 137.0 for acquisition-related Developed Game Technology intangible assets within Cost of revenue and $ 39.3 for acquisition-related Branding and Trade Names intangible assets within Depreciation and amortization as a result of a reduction in the forecasted performance of certain games due to industry conditions and changes in our strategies in response to those conditions. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024, we recorded impairment charges of $ 577.4 for acquisition-related Developed Game Technology intangible assets within Cost of revenue as a result of a reduction in the forecasted performance of certain games due to industry conditions and changes in our strategies in response to those conditions. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, we recorded impairment charges of $ 465.3 for acquisition-related Developed Game Technology intangible assets within Cost of revenue as a result of (i) a reduction in the forecasted performance of certain games due to macroeconomic conditions and changes in our strategies for those games and (ii) our decision not to proceed with further development of a certain interactive entertainment software product. The fair value of Developed Game Technology assets was measured using the multi-period excess earnings method, consistent with the approach used at acquisition. Key assumptions and estimates used in deriving the fair value are forecasted revenue, EBITDA margins, long-term decay rates, and discount rates. The fair value of Branding and Trade Names assets was measured using the relief-from-royalty method, consistent with the approach used at acquisition. Key assumptions and estimates used in deriving the fair value are forecasted revenue, royalty rates, and discount rates. Estimated future amortization of intangible assets that will be recorded in Cost of revenue and operating expenses for the years ending March 31, are as follows: Fiscal Year Ended March 31, Amortization 2026 $ 683.0 2027 593.2 2028 553.2 2029 207.1 2030 108.9 87 10. ACCRUED EXPENSES AND OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES Accrued expenses and other current liabilities consisted of: March 31, 2025 2024 Software development royalties $ 419.8 $ 413.1 Compensation and benefits 268.3 227.3 Licenses 91.4 64.4 Marketing and promotions 77.0 94.5 Tax payable 41.5 32.4 Interest payable 39.2 29.4 Deferred acquisition payments 35.9 17.6 Refund liability 32.8 34.5 Sales tax liability 24.3 19.3 Professional fees 16.4 16.7 Settlement accrual 9.5 — Other 71.5 113.4 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities $ 1,127.6 $ 1,062.6 11. DEBT The components of Long-term debt, net on our Consolidated Balance Sheet were as follows: Annual Interest Rate Maturity Date March 31, 2025 Fair Value (Level 2) 2027 Notes 3.70 % April 14, 2027 600.0 590.8 2028 Notes 4.95 % March 28, 2028 800.0 808.5 2029 Notes 5.40 % June 12, 2029 300.0 308.3 2032 Notes 4.00 % April 14, 2032 500.0 468.6 2034 Notes 5.60 % June 12, 2034 300.0 308.9 2026 Convertible Notes 0.00 % December 15, 2026 28.5 28.5 Total $ 2,528.5 $ 2,513.6 Unamortized discount and issuance costs ( 15.9 ) Long-term debt, net $ 2,512.6 Annual Interest Rate Maturity Date March 31, 2024 Fair Value (Level 2) 2025 Notes 3.55 % April 14, 2025 $ 600.0 $ 588.9 2026 Notes 5.00 % March 28, 2026 550.0 547.6 2027 Notes 3.70 % April 14, 2027 600.0 576.5 2028 Notes 4.95 % March 28, 2028 800.0 797.8 2032 Notes 4.00 % April 14, 2032 500.0 462.9 2026 Convertible Notes 0.00 % December 15, 2026 25.9 25.9 Total $ 3,075.9 $ 2,999.6 Unamortized discount and issuance costs ( 17.6 ) Long-term debt, net $ 3,058.3 88 The components of Short-term debt, net on our Consolidated Balance Sheet were as follows: Annual Interest Rate Maturity Date March 31, 2025 Fair Value (Level 2) 2025 Notes 3.55 % April 14, 2025 $ 600.0 $ 599.9 2026 Notes 5.00 % March 28, 2026 550.0 552.7 Total $ 1,150.0 $ 1,152.6 Unamortized discount and issuance costs ( 1.5 ) Short-term debt, net $ 1,148.5 Annual Interest Rate Maturity Date March 31, 2024 Fair Value (Level 2) 2024 Convertible Notes 0.25 % June 1, 2024 $ 24.6 $ 24.6 Total $ 24.6 $ 24.6 Unamortized discount and issuance costs — Short-term debt, net $ 24.6 The interest expense as it relates to our debt is recorded within Interest and other, net in our Consolidated Statements of Operations for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025, and 2024, respectively, and was as follows: Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2025 2024 2024 Notes $ — $ 15.1 2025 Notes 21.3 21.3 2026 Notes 27.5 24.7 2027 Notes 22.2 22.2 2028 Notes 39.6 27.2 2029 Notes 12.9 — 2032 Notes 20.0 20.0 2034 Notes 13.4 — Term Loan — 1.5 Total $ 156.9 $ 132.0 The following table outlines the aggregate amount of maturities of our borrowings, as of March 31, 2025: Fiscal Year Ended March 31, Maturities 2026 1,150.0 2027 29.4 2028 1,400.0 2029 — 2030 300.0 Thereafter 800.0 Total 3,679.4 Fair Value Adjustments ( 0.9 ) Total Face Value $ 3,678.5 Senior Notes On June 12, 2024, we completed our offering and sale of $ 600.0 aggregate principal amount of our senior notes, consisting of $ 300.0 principal amount of our 5.400 % Senior Notes due 2029 (the "2029 Notes") and $ 300.0 principal amount of our 5.600 % Senior Notes due 2034 (the "2034 Notes"). The 2029 Notes and 2034 Notes (the “New Notes”) were issued as additional notes under the existing Indenture. Debt issuance costs of $ 5.4 and original issuance discount of $ 1.1 were incurred in connection with the 2029 and 2034 Senior Notes. These debt issuance costs and original issuance discount are included as a reduction of the debt within Long-term debt, net on our Consolidated Balance Sheet and will be amortized into Interest and other, net in our Consolidated Statements of Operations over the contractual term of the Senior Notes. 89 On April 14, 2023, we completed our offering and sale of $ 1,000.0 aggregate principal amount of our senior notes, consisting of $ 500.0 principal amount of our 5.000 % Senior Notes due 2026 (the "2026 Notes") and $ 500.0 principal amount of our 4.950 % Senior Notes due 2028 ("the 2028 Notes"). On January 8, 2024, we completed our add-on offering and sale of $ 350.0 aggregate principal amount of our senior notes, consisting of $ 50.0 principal amount of additional 2026 Notes and $ 300.0 principal amount of additional 2028 Notes (the "Add-On Offering Notes"). On April 14, 2022, we completed our offering and sale of $ 2,700.0 aggregate principal amount of our senior notes, consisting of $ 1,000.0 principal amount of our 3.300 % Senior Notes due 2024 (the “2024 Notes”), $ 600.0 principal amount of our 3.550 % Senior Notes due 2025 (the “2025 Notes”), $ 600.0 principal amount of our 3.700 % Senior Notes due 2027 (the “2027 Notes”), and $ 500.0 principal amount of our 4.000 % Senior Notes due 2032 (the “2032 Notes” and together with the 2024 Notes, 2025 Notes, 2026 Notes, 2027 Notes, 2028 Notes, 2029 Notes, and 2034 Notes, the "Senior Notes"). The Senior Notes were issued under an indenture, dated as of April 14, 2022 (the “Base Indenture”), between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (the “Trustee”) and (i) a first supplemental indenture, with respect to the 2024 Notes, (ii) a second supplemental indenture, with respect to the 2025 Notes, (iii) a third supplemental indenture, with respect to the 2027 Notes, (iv) a fourth supplemental indenture, with respect to the 2032 Notes, (v) a fifth supplemental indenture, with respect to the 2026 Notes, (vi) a sixth supplemental indenture, with respect to the 2028 Notes, (vii) a seventh supplemental indenture, with respect to the 2029 Notes, and (viii) an eighth supplemental indenture, with respect to the 2034 Notes (collectively, the “Supplemental Indentures” and together with the Base Indenture, the “Indenture”), between the Company and the Trustee. The Senior Notes are the Company’s senior unsecured obligations and rank equally with all of our other existing and future unsubordinated obligations. We will pay interest on the 2026 Notes and 2028 Notes semi-annually on March 28 and September 28 of each year, commencing September 28, 2023. We will pay interest on each of the 2025 Notes, 2027 Notes, and 2032 Notes semi-annually on April 14 and October 14 of each year, commencing October 14, 2022. We will pay interest on each of the 2029 Notes and 2034 Notes semi-annually on June 12 and December 12 of each year, commencing on December 12, 2024. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025, we made interest payments of $ 147.1 . The proceeds from the issuances of the Senior Notes in April 2022 were used to finance a portion of our acquisition of Zynga, and the proceeds from the subsequent issuance of Senior Notes were used, or are expected to be used, to repay certain of our debt or for general corporate purposes. The Senior Notes are not entitled to any sinking fund payments. We may redeem each series of the Senior Notes at any time in whole or from time to time in part at the applicable redemption prices set forth in each Supplemental Indenture. Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Repurchase Event (as defined in each of the Supplemental Indentures) with respect to a series of the Senior Notes, each holder of the Senior Notes of such series will have the right to require the Company to purchase that holder’s Notes of such series at a price equal to 101 % of the aggregate principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of repurchase, unless the Company has exercised its option to redeem all the Senior Notes. In the case of an event of default arising from certain events of bankruptcy or insolvency with respect to the Company, all outstanding Senior Notes will become due and payable immediately. If any other event of default specified in the Indenture occurs and is continuing with respect to any series of the Senior Notes, the Trustee or the holders of at least 25 % in aggregate principal amount of that series of the outstanding Notes may declare the principal of such series of Senior Notes immediately due and payable. The Indenture contains certain limitations on the ability of the Company and its subsidiaries to grant liens without equally securing the Senior Notes, or to enter into certain sale and lease-back transactions. These covenants are subject to a number of important exceptions and limitations, as further provided in the Indenture. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, we recognized $ 6.1 and $ 6.2 , respectively, of amortization of debt issuance costs and $ 0.6 and $ 0.4 , respectively, of amortization of the original issuance discount. Retirement of Senior Notes On April 14, 2025, we repaid our 2025 Notes with a principal amount of $ 600.0 , with proceeds from the New Notes. On June 5, 2023, pursuant to a tender offer, we purchased and retired $ 650.0 in aggregate principal amount of our 2024 Notes, with proceeds received from the 2026 Notes and 2028 Notes. We repaid the remaining principal amount of $ 350.0 on its maturity date on March 28, 2024, with proceeds received from the Add-On Offering Notes. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024, we recognized a debt extinguishment gain of approximately $ 7.7 , net of unamortized debt discount and debt issuance costs recorded within Interest and other, net in our Consolidated Statement of Operations. 90 Credit Agreement On May 23, 2022, we entered into a new unsecured credit agreement (as amended, the "2022 Credit Agreement"), which replaced in its entirety the Company's prior credit agreement, dated as of February 8, 2019, which was paid off in full and terminated. The 2022 Credit Agreement provides for an unsecured five-year revolving credit facility with commitments of $ 500.0 , including sublimits for (i) the issuance of letters of credit in an aggregate face amount of up to $ 100.0 and (ii) borrowings and letters of credit denominated in Pounds Sterling, Euros, and Canadian Dollars in an aggregate principal amount of up to $ 100.0 . In addition, the 2022 Credit Agreement contained uncommitted incremental capacity permitting the incurrence of up to an additional amount not to exceed the greater of $ 250.0 and 35.0 % of the Company's Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA (as defined in the 2022 Credit Agreement). On May 16, 2024, we increased the total commitments under the facility to $ 750.0 pursuant to the 2022 Credit Agreement's incremental provisions, leaving no further uncommitted incremental capacity. Loans under the 2022 Credit Agreement will bear interest at a rate of (a) 0.000 % to 0.625 % above an alternate base rate ( 7.50 % at March 31, 2025) or (b) 1.000 % to 1.625 % above Secured Overnight Financing Rate, approximately 4.33 % at March 31, 2025, which rates are determined by the Company's credit rating. The 2022 Credit Agreement also includes, among other terms and conditions, a maximum leverage ratio covenant, as well as customary affirmative and negative covenants, including covenants that limit or restrict the Company and its subsidiaries’ ability to, among other things, incur subsidiary indebtedness, grant liens, and dispose of all or substantially all assets, in each case subject to certain exceptions and baskets. In addition, the 2022 Credit Agreement provides for events of default customary for a credit facility of this size and type, including, among others, non-payment of principal and interest when due thereunder, breaches of representations and warranties, noncompliance with covenants, acts of insolvency, cross-defaults to material indebtedness, and material judgment defaults (subject to certain limitations and cure periods). On June 6, 2024, we amended the 2022 Credit Agreement in order to increase the maximum leverage ratio thresholds applicable to our financial covenant, which is measured on a quarterly basis. Upon execution of the 2022 Credit Agreement, we incurred $ 3.5 of debt issuance costs that were capitalized within Other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheet and will be amortized on a straight-line basis over the five-year term of the 2022 Credit Agreement, with the expense recorded within Interest and other, net in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025, and 2024, we amortized $ 0.7 and $ 0.7 , respectively, of these debt issuance costs. As of March 31, 2025, there were no borrowings under the 2022 Credit Agreement, and we had approximately $ 747.8 available for additional borrowings. Information related to availability on our 2022 Credit Agreement for each period was as follows: March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024 Available borrowings $ 747.8 $ 497.7 Outstanding letters of credit 2.2 2.3 Term Loan On June 22, 2022, we entered into an unsecured 364 -Day Term Loan Credit Agreement ("Term Loan"). The Term Loan provided for an unsecured 364 -day term loan credit facility in the aggregate principal amount of $ 350.0 , maturing on June 21, 2023. We fully drew down on the Term Loan on June 22, 2022 at approximately 3.60 %. The proceeds were used to finance a portion of the repurchase of the Convertible Notes (see below). A portion of the proceeds from the April 14, 2023 issuance of the 2026 Notes and 2028 Notes were used to fully repay the Term Loan on April 27, 2023. Convertible Notes In conjunction with the acquisition of Zynga on May 23, 2022 we entered into (a) the First Supplemental Indenture (the “2024 Supplemental Indenture”) to the Indenture, dated as of June 14, 2019 (the “2024 Indenture”), between Zynga and Computershare Trust Company, N.A. (as successor to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association) (the “Convertible Notes Trustee”), relating to Zynga’s 0.25 % Convertible Senior Notes due 2024 (the “2024 Convertible Notes”), and (b) the First Supplemental Indenture (the “2026 Supplemental Indenture” and, together with the 2024 Supplemental Indenture, the “Supplemental Indentures”) to the Indenture, dated as of December 17, 2020 (the “2026 Indenture” and, together with the 2024 Indenture, the “Indentures”), between Zynga and the Convertible Notes Trustee, relating to Zynga’s 0.00 % Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 (the “2026 Convertible Notes” and, together with the 2024 Convertible Notes, the “Convertible Notes”). As of the closing date of the acquisition, approximately $ 690.0 aggregate principal amount of the 2024 Convertible Notes was outstanding and approximately $ 874.5 aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Convertible Notes was outstanding. 91 Following the acquisition and according to the Supplemental Indentures, we assumed all of Zynga’s rights and obligations under the Indentures, and the Company guaranteed the payment and other obligations of Zynga under the Convertible Notes. As a result of our acquisition of Zynga, the right to convert each one thousand dollar principal amount of such Convertible Notes into shares of Zynga common stock was changed into a right to convert such principal amount of such Convertible Notes into the number of units of Reference Property equal to the conversion rate in effect immediately prior to the closing, in each case pursuant to the terms and procedures set forth in the applicable Indenture. A unit of Reference Property is defined in each Indenture as 0.0406 shares of Take-Two common stock and $ 3.50 in cash, without interest, plus cash in lieu of any fractional shares of Take-Two common stock. The acquisition of Zynga constituted a Fundamental Change, a Make-Whole Fundamental Change, and a Share Exchange Event (each as defined in the Indentures) under the Indentures. The effective date of the Fundamental Change, Make-Whole Fundamental Change and Share Exchange Event in respect of the Convertible Notes was May 23, 2022, and the related tender and conversion periods expired on June 22, 2022. As a result, each holder of Convertible Notes had the right to tender its Convertible Notes to the Company for cash or surrender its Convertible Notes for conversion into the Reference Property at the applicable conversion rate, in each case pursuant to the terms and procedures set forth in the applicable Indenture. As of the expiration of the Fundamental Change, Make-Whole Fundamental Change, and Share Exchange Event, (a) $ 0.3 aggregate principal amount of the 2024 Convertible Notes and (b) $ 845.1 aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Convertible Notes were tendered for cash. In addition, (a) $ 668.3 aggregate principal amount of the 2024 Convertible Notes, and (b) no 2026 Convertible Notes were surrendered for conversion into the applicable Reference Property. In total, we paid $ 321.6 for the tendered or converted 2024 Convertible Notes, including interest, and $ 845.1 for the tendered 2026 Convertible Notes in cash, and we issued 3.7 shares of our common stock upon the conversion of the 2024 Convertible Notes. After settlement of all Convertible Notes tendered or surrendered for conversion, and after giving effect to the maturity of the 2024 Convertible Notes described below, no 2024 Convertible Notes remained outstanding and $ 29.4 aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Convertible Notes remained outstanding at March 31, 2025. The 2026 Convertible Notes constitute senior unsecured indebtedness of Zynga, ranking pari passu with all of our other existing and future senior unsecured unsubordinated obligations of Zynga. As a result, the 2026 Convertible Notes are structurally senior to the indebtedness of the Company as to Zynga, its subsidiaries, and their respective assets. As noted above, the Company also guaranteed the payment and other obligations of Zynga under the Convertible Notes. The Company's guarantees of the 2026 Convertible Notes are the Company's senior unsecured obligations and rank equally with all of the Company's other existing and future senior unsecured unsubordinated obligations. Under the terms of the applicable Indentures, prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding September 15, 2026 with respect to the 2026 Convertible Notes, the Convertible Notes will be convertible only under the following circumstances: •    during any calendar quarter, if the value of a unit of Reference Property (based on the last reported sales price of our common stock), for at least 20 trading days in a period of 30 consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter is greater than or equal to 130 % of the conversion price of the applicable series of the 2026 Convertible Notes, respectively, on each applicable trading day; •    during the five business-day period after any five consecutive trading-day period in which the trading price per one thousand dollar principal amount of each applicable series of the 2026 Convertible Notes for such trading day was less than 98 % of the product of the value of a unit of Reference Property (based on the last reported sale price of our common stock) and the conversion rate of the applicable series of the 2026 Convertible Notes, on each such trading day; •    if we call the 2026 Convertible Notes for redemption, at any time prior to the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the respective redemption date; or •    upon the occurrence of specified corporate events described in the respective Indentures. Upon any conversion, holders will receive either cash or a combination of cash and shares of Take-Two common stock, at our election. As of March 31, 2025, the conditions allowing holders of the 2026 Convertible Notes to convert their series of the Convertible Notes have not been met, and, therefore, they are not yet convertible. We have elected to account for these Convertible Notes, which are considered derivatives, using the fair value option (Level 2) under ASC 825, as the Convertible Notes were initially recognized at fair value under the acquisition method of accounting in connection with the Zynga acquisition and we do not expect significant fluctuations in fair value through maturity. We initially recorded $ 778.6 as the acquisition date fair value for the 2024 Convertible Notes and $ 874.5 for the 2026 92 Convertible Notes. The fair value was determined as the expected cash payment and value of shares to be issued to settle the Convertible Notes. The 2024 Convertible Notes matured on June 1, 2024. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025, we paid $ 8.3 for converted 2024 Convertible Notes, including interest, and we issued 0.1 shares of our common stock upon conversion of the 2024 Convertible Notes. The 2026 Convertible Notes mature on December 15, 2026, unless earlier converted, redeemed, or repurchased in accordance with their terms, prior to the maturity date. The 2026 Convertible Notes do not bear regular interest, and the principal amount does not accrete. An aggregate principal amount of $ 29.4 of the 2026 Convertible Notes remained outstanding at March 31, 2025. We recorded $ 28.5 as the fair value of the remaining outstanding 2026 Convertible Notes, within Long-term debt, net, in our Consolidated Balance Sheet. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, we recognized a loss of $ 2.3 and a loss of $ 6.4 , respectively, within Loss on fair value adjustments, net in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 12. LOSS PER SHARE The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted loss per share: Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2025 2024 2023 Computation of Basic loss per share: Net loss $ ( 4,478.9 ) $ ( 3,744.2 ) $ ( 1,124.7 ) Weighted average common shares outstanding—basic 175.1 170.1 159.9 Basic loss per share ( 25.58 ) ( 22.01 ) ( 7.03 ) We incurred a net loss for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023; therefore, the diluted weighted average shares outstanding excludes the effect of unvested common stock equivalents because their effect would be antidilutive. For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025, we had 2.3 potentially dilutive shares from share-based awards and 0.1 of shares from Convertible Notes that are excluded due to the net loss for the period. 13. LEASES Our lease arrangements are primarily for (1) corporate, administrative, and development studio offices and (2) data centers and server equipment. Our existing leases have remaining lease terms ranging from one to thirteen years . In certain instances, such leases include one or more options to renew, with renewal terms that generally extend the lease term by one to five years for each option. The exercise of lease renewal options is generally at our sole discretion. Additionally, the majority of our leases are classified as operating leases. Information related to our operating leases are as follows: Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2025 2024 2023 Lease costs Operating lease costs $ 84.9 $ 80.5 $ 109.8 Short-term lease costs 3.8 4.9 4.1 During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025, we recognized $ 3.9 of impairment charges for office closures related to our cost reduction program (refer to Note 21 - Business Reorganization ). There were no impairment charges during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, we recognized a $ 30.0 impairment loss related to an ROU asset related to Zynga's office space lease in San Francisco, which is available for sublease and not currently used by us due to the continued deterioration of the sublease market, unsuccessful negotiations with a potential sub-tenant, and our decision to change our sublease marketing strategy. This impairment loss is included in General and administrative expense within our Consolidated Statement of Operations and in the Operating lease costs in the table above. The fair value of the San Francisco Office was estimated using a risk-adjusted, discounted cash flow model with Level 3 inputs. The significant assumptions used in estimating the fair value included the projected sublease income over the remaining lease term, expected downtime prior to the commencement of future subleases, expected rent concessions offered to future tenants and discount rates that reflected the level of risk associated with these future cash flows. 93 Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2025 2024 2023 Supplemental operating cash flow information Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities $ 87.1 $ 73.9 $ 55.9 ROU assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations 80.4 89.5 145.3 Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2025 2024 2023 Weighted average information Remaining lease term 7.91 years 8.40 years 8.93 years Discount rate 4.75 % 4.56 % 4.33 % Future undiscounted lease payments for our operating lease liabilities, and a reconciliation of these payments to our operating lease liabilities at March 31, 2025, are as follows: For the years ending March 31, 2026 $ 80.7 2027 78.1 2028 71.0 2029 67.9 2030 60.0 Thereafter 175.9 Total future lease payments $ 533.6 Less imputed interest ( 88.8 ) Total lease liabilities $ 444.8 As of March 31, 2025, we have entered into facility leases that have not yet commenced with future lease payments of approximately $ 3.0 . These leases are expected to commence within the next twelve months and will have lease terms ranging from two to four years . 14. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES A summary of annual minimum contractual obligations and commitments as of March 31, 2025 is as follows: Fiscal Year Ending March 31, Software Development and Licensing Marketing Purchase Obligations Total 2026 $ 33.0 $ 17.4 $ 181.0 $ 231.4 2027 32.9 6.6 112.7 152.2 2028 0.5 6.4 40.9 47.8 2029 0.5 6.9 5.2 12.6 2030 0.7 6.5 0.9 8.1 Thereafter — — — — Total $ 67.6 $ 43.8 $ 340.7 $ 452.1 Software Development and Licensing Agreements: We make payments to third-party software developers that include contractual payments to developers under several software development agreements that expire at various times. Our aggregate outstanding software development commitments assume satisfactory performance by third-party software developers. We also have licensing commitments that primarily consist of obligations to holders of intellectual property rights for use of their trademarks, copyrights, technology or other intellectual property rights in the development of our products. Marketing Agreements: We have certain minimum marketing support commitments where we commit to spend specified amounts related to marketing our products. Marketing commitments expire at various times and primarily reflect our agreements with major sports leagues and players' associations. 94 Purchase Obligations: These obligations are primarily related to agreements to purchase services that are enforceable and legally binding on us that specifies all significant terms, including fixed, minimum or variable pricing provisions; and the approximate timing of the transactions, expiring at various times. Employee Savings Plans: For our U.S. employees we maintain a 401(k) retirement savings plan and trust. Our 401(k) plan is offered to all eligible employees and participants may make voluntary contributions. We also have various pension plans for our non-U.S. employees, some of which are required by local laws, and allow or require employer contributions. Employer contributions under all defined contribution and pension plans during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 were $ 51.4 , $ 43.0 , and $ 36.1 , respectively. Legal and Other Proceedings: We are, or may become, subject to demands and claims (including intellectual property and employment related claims) and are involved in routine litigation in the ordinary course of business which we do not believe to be material to our business or financial condition or results of operations. We have appropriately accrued amounts related to certain of these claims and legal and other proceedings. While it is reasonably possible that a loss may be incurred in excess of the amounts accrued in our financial statements, we believe that such losses, unless otherwise disclosed, would not be material. 15. INCOME TAXES Components of Loss before income taxes are as follows: Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2025 2024 2023 Domestic $ ( 2,471.1 ) $ ( 2,081.8 ) $ ( 937.0 ) Foreign ( 2,020.2 ) ( 1,621.0 ) ( 401.1 ) Loss before income taxes $ ( 4,491.3 ) $ ( 3,702.8 ) $ ( 1,338.1 ) (Benefit from) provision for current and deferred income taxes consists of the following: Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2025 2024 2023 Current: U.S. federal $ 0.2 $ 23.0 $ 70.2 U.S. state and local 11.5 12.4 3.3 Foreign 115.0 107.5 98.0 Total current income taxes 126.7 142.9 171.5 Deferred: U.S. federal ( 55.3 ) 24.6 ( 175.4 ) U.S. state and local — ( 22.6 ) ( 31.4 ) Foreign ( 83.8 ) ( 103.5 ) ( 178.1 ) Total deferred income taxes ( 139.1 ) ( 101.5 ) ( 384.9 ) (Benefit from) provision for income taxes $ ( 12.4 ) $ 41.4 $ ( 213.4 ) 95 A reconciliation of our effective tax rate to the U.S. statutory federal income tax rate is as follows: Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2025 2024 2023 U.S. federal statutory rate 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % State and local taxes, net of U.S. federal benefit 0.4 % 0.6 % 2.0 % Foreign tax rate differential (1) ( 0.2 ) % 0.2 % ( 0.3 ) % Foreign earnings (2) ( 0.5 ) % ( 1.5 ) % ( 1.3 ) % Tax credits (3) 1.2 % 1.7 % 5.7 % Excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation 0.2 % ( 0.1 ) % ( 0.5 ) % Earn-out adjustments — % 0.1 % ( 0.4 ) % Valuation allowance—domestic (4) ( 5.0 ) % ( 9.1 ) % ( 6.3 ) % Valuation allowance—foreign (4) ( 0.6 ) % ( 1.1 ) % ( 0.1 ) % Nondeductible compensation ( 0.1 ) % ( 0.1 ) % ( 0.9 ) % Global intangible low-taxed income ( 0.5 ) % ( 1.0 ) % ( 3.1 ) % Foreign-derived intangible income 0.3 % 0.5 % 1.8 % Change in reserves — % 0.9 % ( 0.1 ) % Goodwill impairment ( 16.0 ) % ( 12.8 ) % — % Other (5) 0.1 % ( 0.4 ) % ( 1.6 ) % Effective tax rate 0.3 % ( 1.1 ) % 15.9 % (1) The foreign rate differentials in relation to foreign earnings, for all periods presented, are primarily driven by changes in the mix of our foreign earnings and the difference between the foreign and U.S. income tax rates. (2) Fiscal year ended March 31, 2024 includes tax expense of $ 29.2 from a decrease in the deferred tax assets related to Switzerland's Federal Act on Tax Reform and AVH Financing ("TRAF") enacted on January 1, 2020. Fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 includes a tax benefit of $ 5.6 from the effects of an increase in the deferred tax asset. (3) Tax benefits were recorded for fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 attributable to certain tax credits related to software development activities. (4) The change in domestic and foreign valuation allowance includes an increase in our valuation allowance on deferred tax assets as a result of a determination in the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025 and 2024 that it was more likely than not that such deferred tax assets would not be realized. (5) For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, includes nondeductible expense of $ 8.2 relating to loss on the redemption of convertible debt 96 The effects of temporary differences that gave rise to our deferred tax assets and liabilities were as follows: March 31, 2025 2024 Deferred tax assets: Capitalized development costs, software and depreciation $ 440.6 $ 365.1 Tax credit carryforward 232.5 174.4 Equity-based compensation 158.3 143.0 Tax basis step up related to TRAF 131.1 131.1 Net operating loss carryforward 104.1 63.2 Operating lease liabilities 100.2 101.9 Accrued compensation expense 79.7 72.6 Disallowed interest 20.8 — Deferred revenue 2.8 — Business reorganization 1.1 1.0 Other 10.7 1.7 Total deferred tax assets 1,281.9 1,054.0 Less: Valuation allowance ( 1,127.0 ) ( 799.1 ) Net deferred tax assets $ 154.9 $ 254.9 Deferred tax liabilities: Intangible amortization $ ( 338.1 ) $ ( 513.2 ) Right-of-use assets ( 76.3 ) ( 75.7 ) Deferred revenue — ( 5.0 ) Total deferred tax liabilities ( 414.4 ) ( 593.9 ) Net deferred tax liability (1) $ ( 259.5 ) $ ( 339.0 ) (1) As of March 31, 2025, $ 0.1 is included in Deferred tax assets, included within Prepaid expenses and other on our Consolidated Balance Sheets, and $ 259.6 is included in Deferred tax liabilities, net. As of March 31, 2024 , $ 1.9 is included in Deferred tax assets, included within Other asset on our Consolidated Balance Sheets, and $ 340.9 is included in Deferred tax liabilities, net. We assess the realizability of the deferred tax assets based on the available positive and negative evidence in order to determine the amount which is more likely than not to be realized and record a valuation allowance as necessary. Due to our cumulative loss position, which provides significant negative evidence, we recognized a tax expense of $ 248.2 from an increase in our valuation allowance on U.S. and foreign deferred tax assets, as a result of a determination that it was more likely than not that such deferred tax assets would not be realized. The remaining net deferred tax liability is primarily related to a basis difference in intangibles as a result of the acquisition of Zynga in May 2022. At March 31, 2025, we had domestic net operating loss carryforwards totaling $ 548.9 of which $ 35.9 will expire from 2026 to 2029, $ 190.7 will expire from 2030 to 2040, $ 178.4 will expire from 2041 to 2044, and the remainder will be carried forward indefinitely. In addition, we had foreign net operating loss carryforwards of $ 286.4 , of which $ 197.8 will expire from 2026 to 2032, $ 15.9 will expire from 2042 to 2044 and the remainder may be carried forward indefinitely. At March 31, 2025, we had domestic tax credit carryforwards totaling $ 436.4 , of which $ 0.2 expire in 2026 to 2028, $ 104.5 expire from 2043 to 2046, and the remainder may be carried forward indefinitely. In addition, we had international tax credits of $ 12.0 which will expire from 2034 to 2042. The total amount of undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries was approximately $ 180.5 at March 31, 2025 and $ 492.5 at March 31, 2024. As of March 31, 2025, it is our intention to reinvest indefinitely undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries. Accordingly, no provision has been made for foreign withholding taxes or U.S. income taxes which may become payable if undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries are repatriated. It is not practicable to estimate the tax liability that would arise if these earnings were remitted. We are regularly audited by domestic and foreign taxing authorities. Audits may result in tax assessments in excess of amounts claimed and the payment of additional taxes. We believe that our tax return positions comply with applicable tax law and that we have adequately provided for reasonably foreseeable assessments of additional taxes. Additionally, we believe that any assessments in excess of the amounts provided for will not have a material adverse effect on our Consolidated Financial Statements. It is possible that settlement of audits or the expiration of the statute of limitations may have an impact on our effective tax rate in future periods. 97 We recognize interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in the provision for income taxes in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, we recognized an increase of interest and penalties of $ 14.8 , $ 13.5 , and $ 8.9 , respectively. The gross amount of interest and penalties accrued as of March 31, 2025 and 2024 was $ 48.4 and $ 33.6 , respectively. As of March 31, 2025, we had gross unrecognized tax benefits, including interest and penalties, of $ 267.1 , of which $ 109.5 would affect our effective tax rate if realized. For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025, gross unrecognized tax benefits decreased by $ 9.3 . We are no longer subject to audit for U.S. federal income tax returns for periods prior to our fiscal year ended March 31, 2022 and state income tax returns for periods prior to the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020. With few exceptions, we are no longer subject to income tax examinations in non-U.S. jurisdictions for years prior to fiscal year ended March 31, 2018. Certain U.S. federal, state and foreign taxing authorities are currently examining our income tax returns for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2016 through March 31, 2023. The timing of the resolution of income tax examinations is highly uncertain, and the amounts ultimately paid, if any, upon resolution of the issues raised by the taxing authorities may differ materially from the amounts accrued for each year. Although potential resolution of uncertain tax positions involve multiple tax periods and jurisdictions, it is reasonably possible that a reduction of $ 7.4 of unrecognized tax benefits may occur within the next 12 months, some of which, depending on the nature of the settlement or expiration of statutes of limitations, may affect our income tax provision and therefore benefit the resulting effective tax rate. The actual amount could vary significantly depending on the ultimate timing and nature of any settlements. The aggregate changes to the liability for gross uncertain tax positions, excluding interest and penalties, were as follows: Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2025 2024 2023 Balance, beginning of period $ 242.8 $ 274.7 $ 164.8 Additions: Current year tax positions 63.6 41.4 26.5 Prior year tax positions (1) — 2.3 109.7 Reduction of prior year tax positions ( 60.3 ) — ( 26.3 ) Lapse of statute of limitations ( 28.1 ) ( 76.2 ) — Other 0.6 0.6 — Balance, end of period $ 218.6 $ 242.8 $ 274.7 (1) For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, the increase in prior year tax positions of $ 109.7 related to purchase accounting for the Zynga acquisition. We believe that we have provided for any reasonably foreseeable outcomes related to our tax audits and that any settlement will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial statements. However, there can be no assurances as to the possible outcomes. 16. STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION Stock Incentive Plan In September 2017, our stockholders approved our 2017 Stock Incentive Plan (as amended and restated, the "2017 Plan"). The aggregate number of shares issuable under the 2017 Plan is 25.7 , subject to adjustment as set forth in the 2017 Plan, and, as of March 31, 2025, there were approximately 8.3 shares available for issuance. The 2017 Plan is administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the "Board") and allows for awards of restricted stock units and other stock-based awards of our common stock to employees and non-employees, including to ZMC in connection with their contract to provide executive management service to us. Subject to the provisions of the plans, the Board, or any Committee appointed by the Board, has the authority to determine the individuals to whom the equity awards are to be granted, the number of shares to be covered by each equity award, the vesting period, restrictions, if any, on the equity award and the terms and conditions of the equity award. 98 Stock-Based Compensation Expense The following table summarizes stock-based compensation expense included in our Consolidated Statements of Operations: Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2025 2024 2023 Cost of revenue $ 9.4 $ 24.4 $ ( 9.5 ) Selling and marketing 92.4 95.3 95.2 General and administrative 123.2 111.5 115.5 Research and development 99.0 104.4 116.6 Stock-based compensation expense before income taxes 324.0 335.6 317.8 Provision for (benefit from) income taxes ( 6.5 ) ( 12.2 ) ( 45.8 ) Stock-based compensation expense, net of income tax benefit 317.5 323.4 272.0 Capitalized stock-based compensation expense $ 81.4 $ 85.4 $ 74.4 During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025, the forfeiture of awards resulted in the reversal of expense of $ 8.3 and amounts capitalized as software development costs of $ 8.3 . During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024, the forfeiture of awards resulted in the reversal of expense of $ 2.4 and amounts capitalized as software development costs of $ 7.4 . During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, the forfeiture of awards resulted in the reversal of expense of $ 49.5 and amounts capitalized as software development costs of $ 11.9 . As of March 31, 2025, the total future unrecognized compensation cost related to outstanding unvested restricted stock was $ 624.2 and will be either recognized as compensation expense over a weighted-average period of approximately 2.6 years or capitalized as software development costs. For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, the total fair values of restricted stock units that vested were $ 526.6 , $ 309.3 , and $ 321.8 , respectively. In connection with the Zynga acquisition (i) the outstanding and unexercised options to purchase Zynga common stock were assumed by the Company and automatically converted into options exercisable for shares of Take-Two common stock (the “Converted Options”), (ii) the issued and outstanding restricted stock unit awards with respect to Zynga common stock were assumed by the Company and automatically converted into a Take-Two restricted stock unit award with respect to shares of Take-Two common stock (the “Converted RSUs”), and (iii) the issued and outstanding performance stock unit awards with respect to Zynga common stock were assumed by the Company and automatically converted into a Take-Two restricted stock unit award with respect to shares of Take-Two common stock (the “Converted PSUs” and together with the Converted Options and the Converted RSUs, the “Converted Awards”). As a result, we issued replacement equity options and PSU/RSU awards of 1.5 and 4.2 , respectively. The portion of the fair value related to pre-combination services of $ 151.7 was included in the purchase price, and $ 28.6 was recognized as day-one post-combination expense for acceleration of awards, while the remaining fair value will be recognized over the remaining service periods. As of March 31, 2025, the future expense for the Converted RSUs and Converted PSUs was approximately $ 34.6 , which will be recognized over a weighted average service period of approximately 0.6 years. Restricted Stock Units Employee Awards Time-based restricted stock units granted to employees under our stock-based compensation plans generally vest either annually or quarterly over three years or four years from the date of grant. Certain restricted stock units granted to key officers, senior-level employees, or key employees vest based on market conditions, primarily related to the performance of the price of our common stock. Certain restricted stock units granted to key officers, senior-level employees, or key employees vest based on performance conditions, primarily related to performance metrics around certain of our titles. ZMC Non-Employee Awards In connection with the 2022 Management Agreement and the 2017 Management Agreement, we granted restricted stock units (in thousands) to ZMC (see Note 3 - Management Agreement ) as follows: 99 Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2025 2024 Time-based 102 97 Market-based (1) 311 295 Performance-based (1) 104 98 Total Restricted Stock Units 517 490 (1) Represents the maximum number of shares eligible to vest. Time-based restricted stock units granted pursuant to the 2022 Management Agreement in fiscal year 2025 will vest on June 1, 2025, June 1, 2026, and June 1, 2027, and those granted in fiscal year 2024 partially vested on June 1, 2024 and will also vest in part on June 1, 2025, and June 1, 2026. Time-based restricted stock units granted in fiscal year 2023, partially vested on June 1, 2023, and June 1, 2024, and will also vest on June 1, 2025. Market-based restricted stock units granted pursuant to the 2022 Management Agreement in fiscal year 2025 are eligible to vest on June 1, 2027, those granted in fiscal year 2024 are eligible to vest on June 1, 2026, and those granted in fiscal year 2023 are eligible to vest on June 1, 2025. Market-based restricted stock units are eligible to vest based on the Company's Total Shareholder Return (as defined in the relevant grant agreement) relative to the Total Shareholder Return (as defined in the relevant grant agreement) of the companies that constitute the NASDAQ 100 index under the 2022 Management Agreement (as defined in the relevant grant agreement) as of the grant date measured over a three-year period, as applicable. To earn the target number of market-based restricted stock units (which represents 50 % of the number of the market-based restricted stock units set forth in the table above), the Company must perform at the 50 th percentile, with the maximum number of market-based restricted stock units earned if the Company performs at the 75 th percentile. Performance-based restricted stock units granted pursuant to the 2022 Management Agreement in fiscal year 2025 are eligible to vest on June 1, 2027, those granted in fiscal year 2024 are eligible to vest on June 1, 2026, and those granted in fiscal year 2023 are eligible to vest on June 1, 2025. The performance-based restricted stock units are tied to RCS (as defined in the relevant grant agreement) and are eligible to vest based on the Company's achievement of certain performance metrics (as defined in the relevant grant agreement) of RCS measured over a three-year period. The target number of performance-based restricted stock units that may be earned pursuant to these grants is equal to 50 % of the grant amounts set forth in the above table (the numbers in the table represent the maximum number of performance-based restricted stock units that may be earned). At the end of each reporting period, we assess the probability of each performance metric and upon determination that certain thresholds are probable, we record expense for the unvested portion of the shares of performance-based restricted stock units. The unvested portion of time-based, market-based and performance-based restricted stock units held by ZMC as of March 31, 2025 and 2024 were 1.4 and 1.3 , respectively. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025, 0.5 restricted stock units previously granted to ZMC vested, and 0.1 restricted stock units were forfeited by ZMC. Fair Value of Stock-Based Awards Time-Based Awards The estimated value, based on the closing price of our stock on the grant date, of time-based restricted stock units granted to employees during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 was $ 162.17 , $ 138.25 , and $ 118.17 per share, respectively. For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, the estimated value, based on the closing price of our stock on the grant date, of time-based restricted stock awards granted to ZMC was $ 163.64 , $ 137.59 , and $ 128.90 per share, respectively. 100 The following table summarizes the activity in non-vested restricted stock units to employees and ZMC under our stock-based compensation plans with time-based restricted stock awards presented at 100% of target number of shares that may potentially vest: Shares (in millions) Weighted Average Fair Value on Grant Date Non-vested restricted stock units at March 31, 2024 4.4 $ 129.33 Granted 1.8 162.26 Vested ( 2.0 ) 132.92 Forfeited ( 0.5 ) 126.61 Non-vested restricted stock units at March 31, 2025 3.7 $ 144.18 Market-Based Awards The following table summarizes the weighted-average assumptions used in the Monte Carlo Simulation to estimate the fair value of market-based awards: Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2025 2024 2023 Employee Market-Based Non-Employee Market-Based Employee Market-Based Non-Employee Market-Based Employee Market-Based Non-Employee Market-Based Risk-free interest rate 4.7 % 4.6 % 4.0 % 4.0 % 2.6 % - 2.8 % 2.4 % - 2.8 % Expected stock price volatility 34.1 % 34.1 % 36.6 % 36.6 % 35.9 % - 37.6 % 34.2 % - 37.6 % Expected service period (years) 2.8 2.8 2.8 2.8 1.8 - 2.8 1.8 - 2.8 Dividends None None None None None None The estimated value of market-based restricted stock awards granted to employees during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 was $ 241.52 , $ 195.85 , and $ 179.93 per share, respectively. For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, the estimated value of the market-based restricted stock awards granted to ZMC was $ 232.00 , $ 193.41 , and $ 175.12 per share, respectively. The following table summarizes the activity in non-vested restricted stock units to employees and ZMC under our stock-based compensation plans with market-based restricted stock awards presented at 100% of target number of shares that may potentially vest: Shares (in millions) Weighted Average Fair Value on Grant Date Non-vested restricted stock units at March 31, 2024 0.9 $ 172.66 Granted 0.5 237.79 Vested ( 0.2 ) 197.59 Forfeited — 197.29 Non-vested restricted stock units at March 31, 2025 1.2 $ 194.30 Performance-Based Awards The estimated value of performance-based restricted stock awards granted to employees during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 was $ 201.82 , $ 139.21 , and $ 125.03 , respectively. For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, the estimated value of the performance-based restricted stock awards granted to ZMC was $ 150.40 , $ 148.42 , and $ 125.90 per share, respectively. The following table summarizes the activity in non-vested restricted stock units to employees and ZMC under our stock-based compensation plans with performance restricted stock awards presented at 100% of target number of shares that may potentially vest: 101 Shares (in millions) Weighted Average Fair Value on Grant Date Non-vested restricted stock units at March 31, 2024 3.9 $ 113.58 Granted 0.2 178.52 Vested ( 0.1 ) 131.99 Forfeited ( 0.1 ) 136.95 Non-vested restricted stock units at March 31, 2025 3.9 $ 115.40 Fair Value of Stock Options All Converted Options generally vest over four to five years , with 20 % to 25 % vesting after one year and the remainder vesting monthly thereafter over 26 to 48 months, respectively. The stock options have a contract term of 10 years and the related expense is determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model on the date of grant. The following table shows stock option activity for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025: Shares (in millions) Weighted Average Fair Value on Grant Date Aggregate Intrinsic Value of Stock Options Outstanding Weighted Average Contractual Term (In Years) Balance as of March 31, 2024 0.6 $ 50.50 $ 61.85 3.45 Granted — — Vested ( 0.6 ) 50.03 Forfeited — 44.33 Balance as of March 31, 2025 — $ 33.62 $ 0.04 4.69 As of March 31, 2025 Exercisable options — $ 33.62 $ 0.04 4.69 Vested and expected to vest — $ — $ — 0 The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options exercised during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025 was $ 93.3 . For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025, the amount of cash received from exercise of stock options was $ 31.3 . The total fair value of options that vested during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025 was $ 31.3 . The total fair value of options that were exercised during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025 was $ 124.6 . Employee Stock Purchase Plans In September 2017, our stockholders approved our 2017 Global Employee Stock Purchase Plan as amended and restated ("ESPP"). The maximum aggregate number of shares of common stock that may be issued under the plan is 9.0 , and as of March 31, 2025, there were approximately 7.5 shares available for issuance. The ESPP is administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board and allows for eligible employees an option to purchase shares of our common stock, which the employee may or may not exercise during an offering period. Eligible employees may authorize payroll deductions of between 1 % and 15 % of their compensation to purchase shares of common stock at 85 % of the lower of the market price of our common stock on the date of commencement of the applicable offering period or on the last day of each six-month purchase period. The fair value is determined using the Black-Scholes valuation model. Key assumptions of the Black-Scholes valuation model are the risk-free interest rate, expected volatility, expected term, and expected dividends. The risk-free interest rate is based on U.S. Treasury yields in effect at the time of grant for the expected term of the option. Expected volatility is based on historical stock price volatility. Expected term is determined based on historical exercise behavior, post-vesting termination patterns, options outstanding and future expected exercise behavior. The following table summarizes the assumptions used in the Black-Scholes valuation model to value our purchase rights: Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2025 2024 Risk-free interest rate 4.42 - 5.43 % 5.14 - 5.51 % Expected stock price volatility 23.6 - 25.1 % 26.3 %- 39.1 % Expected service period (years) 0.5 0.5 Dividends None None 102 For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025, our employees purchased 0.4 shares for $ 46.8 with a weighted-average fair value of $ 117.53 . For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024, our employees purchased 0.4 shares for $ 37.9 with a weighted-average fair value of $ 102.19 . 17. INTEREST AND OTHER, NET Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2025 2024 2023 Interest income $ 98.6 $ 62.3 $ 33.8 Interest expense ( 167.3 ) ( 140.6 ) ( 129.6 ) Foreign currency exchange gain (loss) ( 22.6 ) ( 28.6 ) ( 31.8 ) Other ( 2.0 ) 3.3 ( 14.3 ) Interest and other, net $ ( 93.3 ) $ ( 103.6 ) $ ( 141.9 ) 18. ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS The following table provides the components of Accumulated other comprehensive loss: Foreign currency translation adjustments Unrealized loss on available- for-sales securities Total Balance at March 31, 2023 $ ( 111.7 ) $ ( 1.6 ) $ ( 113.3 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 6.7 1.5 8.2 Balance at March 31, 2024 $ ( 105.0 ) $ ( 0.1 ) $ ( 105.1 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 8.2 — 8.2 Balance at March 31, 2025 $ ( 96.8 ) $ ( 0.1 ) $ ( 96.9 ) 19. SUPPLEMENTARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION The following table provides details of our valuation and qualifying accounts: Beginning Balance Additions Deductions Ending Balance Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2025 Valuation allowance for deferred income taxes $ 799.1 330.5 ( 2.6 ) $ 1,127.0 Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2024 Valuation allowance for deferred income taxes $ 338.2 488.0 ( 27.1 ) $ 799.1 Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2023 Valuation allowance for deferred income taxes $ 121.9 218.5 ( 2.2 ) $ 338.2 20. ACQUISITIONS On June 11, 2024, we completed the purchase of 100 % of the issued and outstanding capital stock of The Gearbox Entertainment Company, Inc. ("Gearbox"), from Embracer Group AB, for an initial consideration of 2.8 shares of our common stock , as part of our ongoing strategy to strengthen our industry-leading creative talent and portfolio of owned intellectual property. 103 The acquisition-date fair value of the consideration totaled $ 410.4 , which consisted of the following: Fair value of purchase consideration Common stock ( 2.8 shares) 448.6 Deferred payment 1.0 Settlement of pre-existing relationship ( 14.6 ) Transaction bonus ( 24.6 ) Total $ 410.4 We used the acquisition method of accounting and recognized assets and liabilities at their fair value as of the date of acquisition, with the excess recorded to goodwill. As we finalize our estimation of the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, additional adjustments may be recorded during the measurement period (a period not to exceed 12 months from the acquisition date). The following table summarizes the preliminary acquisition date fair value of net tangible and intangible assets acquired, net of liabilities assumed from Gearbox: Fair Value Weighted average useful life Cash acquired $ 9.5 N/A Other tangible assets 159.7 N/A Other liabilities assumed ( 155.7 ) N/A Intangible assets Intellectual property 79.0 14 Developed game technology 72.0 2 Games in development 36.0 N/A Game engine technology 9.0 2 Branding and trade names 8.0 7 Goodwill 192.9 N/A Total $ 410.4 Goodwill, which is not deductible for tax purposes, is primarily attributable to the assembled workforce of the acquired business and expected synergies at the time of the acquisition. The amounts of revenue and earnings of Gearbox included in our Consolidated Statements of Operations from the acquisition date are as follows: Fiscal year ended March 31, 2025 Net revenue $ 23.8 Net loss ( 98.4 ) Supplemental pro-forma financial information has not been provided as the historical results of Gearbox were not material to us. Transaction costs of $ 30.4 for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025 have been recorded within General and administrative expense in our Consolidated Statements of Operation. 104 21. BUSINESS REORGANIZATION We have implemented a cost reduction program to identify efficiencies across our business (the "2024 Plan"), which includes eliminating several projects in development and streamlining our organizational structure. The 2024 Plan was largely completed as of March 31, 2025, and we do not anticipate any additional actions from this plan. Immaterial, additional costs relating to certain actions may be incurred during the fiscal year ending 2026. We incurred business reorganization expenses of $ 106.5 , $ 104.6 , and $ 14.6 during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. In connection with the 2024 Plan, we incurred the following expenses: Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2025 2024 Employee-related costs $ 51.5 $ 3.2 Title cancellations (1) 35.1 88.2 Loss on divestitures 11.4 — Impairment loss of ROU asset (office closures) 3.9 — Other 4.6 1.9 Total business reorganization expenses $ 106.5 $ 93.3 (1) Refer to Note 7 - Software Development Costs and Licenses Through March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, we paid $ 62.9 and $ 1.9 , related to these reorganization activities and $ 11.2 and $ 13.1 remained accrued for in Accrued expenses and other current liabilities. 22. SEGMENT REPORTING AND GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION We have one operating and reportable segment. Our operations involve similar products and customers worldwide. Revenue earned is primarily derived from the sale of software titles, which are internally developed and developed by third parties. Our Chief Executive Officer, who is our Chief Operating Decision Maker ("CODM"), manages our operations on a consolidated basis. Our CODM uses consolidated net income (loss) – supplemented by sales information by product category, major product title, and platform – for the purpose of evaluating performance and allocating resources. All significant expense categories are presented on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. Our other segment items include Goodwill impairment, Depreciation and amortization, Business reorganization, Interest and other, net, Loss on fair value adjustments, net, and (Benefit from) provision for income taxes. The measure of segment assets are reported on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as Total assets. Geography We attribute net revenue to geographic regions based on software product destination. Net revenue by geographic region was as follows: Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2025 2024 2023 Net revenue recognized: United States $ 3,406.8 $ 3,279.2 $ 3,360.0 International 2,226.8 2,070.4 1,989.9 Total net revenue $ 5,633.6 $ 5,349.6 $ 5,349.9 105 The following represents our fixed assets, net by location: March 31, 2025 2024 Fixed assets, net: United States $ 263.5 $ 242.6 International 180.3 168.5 Fixed assets, net $ 443.8 $ 411.1 23. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS Retirement of Senior Notes On April 14, 2025, we repaid our 2025 Notes with a principal amount of $ 600.0 , with proceeds from the New Notes. Amendment to 2022 Credit Agreement On May 19, 2025, we entered into Amendment No. 3 (the "Amendment") to our 2022 Credit Agreement (as amended, the "Amended 2022 Credit Agreement"), which increases the commitments to the revolving credit facility under the existing 2022 Credit Agreement (the “Revolving Credit Facility”) to $ 1,000 , (up from $ 750 under the existing 2022 Credit Agreement), with sublimits for (a) the issuance of letters of credit in an aggregate face amount of up to $ 100 and (b) borrowings and letters of credit denominated in Pounds Sterling, Euros and Canadian Dollars in an aggregate face amount of up to $ 200 . The Amended 2022 Credit Agreement will continue to provide uncommitted incremental capacity permitting the incurrence of up to an additional amount not to exceed the greater of $ 250 and 35 % of the Company’s Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA (as defined in the Amended 2022 Credit Agreement). Under the Amendment, the maturity date was extended to May 19, 2030, but retains the extension option permitting the Company, subject to certain requirements, to arrange to extend the Revolving Credit Facility for an additional one-year term which may be exercised no more than two times under the Amended 2022 Credit Agreement. The Revolving Credit Facility continues to bear interest at the election of the company at a margin of (a) 0.000 % to 0.625 % above an alternate base rate (defined on the basis of prime rate) or (b) 1.000 % to 1.625 % above the SOFR Rate, which margins are determined by reference to the Company’s credit rating. Accounts receivable sale program On May 19, 2025, we entered into arrangements to sell designated pools of high credit quality accounts receivable under an uncommitted accounts receivable sale programs to an unaffiliated financial institution on a true sale basis. As these accounts receivable are sold without recourse, we do not retain the associated risks of lack of payment due to insolvency of the account debtors following the transfer of such accounts receivable to such financial institution. We will derecognize the carrying value of the financial assets transferred and recognize a net gain or loss on the sale. The proceeds from these arrangements are reflected as cash provided by operating activities in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. 106 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. TAKE-TWO INTERACTIVE SOFTWARE, INC. By: /s/ STRAUSS ZELNICK Strauss Zelnick Chairman and Chief Executive Officer May 20, 2025 POWER OF ATTORNEY Each individual whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Strauss Zelnick and Lainie Goldstein and each of them, his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents with full power of substitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and all documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of them, or his, her or their substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done or by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the date indicated. Signature Title Date /s/ STRAUSS ZELNICK Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Strauss Zelnick May 20, 2025 /s/ LAINIE GOLDSTEIN Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Lainie Goldstein May 20, 2025 /s/ LAVERNE SRINIVASAN LaVerne Srinivasan Lead Independent Director May 20, 2025 /s/ MICHAEL DORNEMANN Michael Dornemann Director May 20, 2025 /s/ WILLIAM "BING" GORDON William "Bing" Gordon Director May 20, 2025 /s/ ROLAND HERNANDEZ Roland Hernandez Director May 20, 2025 /s/ J MOSES J Moses Director May 20, 2025 /s/ MICHAEL SHERESKY Michael Sheresky Director May 20, 2025 /s/ ELLEN SIMINOFF Ellen Siminoff Director May 20, 2025 /s/ SUSAN TOLSON Susan Tolson Director May 20, 2025 /s/ PAUL VIERA Paul Viera Director May 20, 2025 107

