TICKER: TW
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain disruptions could affect our ability to procure hardware needed to recover from a crisis situation. If we are unable to execute our disaster recovery and business continuity plans, or if our plans prove insufficient for a particular situation or take longer than expected to implement in a crisis situation, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, and our business interruption insurance may not adequately compensate us for losses that may occur. 50 Table of Contents In addition, high-profile system failures in the electronic financial services industry, whether or not involving us directly, could negatively impact our business. In recent years, U.S. and foreign regulators have imposed new requirements on operations such as ours that have been costly for us to implement and that could result in a decrease in the use of our platform and demand for some of our solutions or result in regulatory investigations, fines and penalties. For example, the SEC’s Regulation Systems Compliance and Integrity and the system safeguards regulations of the CFTC subject portions of our trading platform and other technological systems related to our SEFs to more extensive regulation and oversight. Also, the EU’s DORA, which was applied as of January 2025, is expected to subject our EU entities to enhanced governance, compliance and operational requirements, increased supervisory scrutiny and higher costs. Ensuring our compliance with these (and any future proposed) regulations requires significant ongoing costs and there can be no assurance that government regulators will not impose additional costly obligations on us in the future. If system failures in the industry continue to occur, it is possible that confidence in the electronic financial services industry could diminish, leading to materially decreased trading volumes and revenues. We may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property or rely on third-party intellectual property rights, which, in turn, could materially adversely affect our brand and our business. Our success depends in part on our proprietary technology, processes, methodologies and information and on our ability to further build brand recognition using our trade names and logos. We rely primarily on a combination of U.S. and foreign patent, copyright, trademark, service mark and trade secret laws and nondisclosure, license, assignment and confidentiality arrangements to establish, maintain and protect our proprietary rights as well as the intellectual property rights of third parties whose content, data, information and other materials we license (see also “—We rely on third parties to perform certain key functions, and their failure to perform those functions could result in the interruption of our operations and systems and could result in significant costs and reputational damage to us”). We can give no assurances that any such patents, copyrights, trademarks, service marks and other intellectual property rights will protect our business from competition or that any intellectual property rights applied for in the future will be issued, or that the intellectual property rights licensed to us from third-parties will not be subject to challenge. In addition, the steps we take to protect our intellectual property may not adequately protect our rights or prevent third parties from infringing or misappropriating our rights, and third parties may successfully challenge the validity and/or enforceability of our intellectual property rights. Furthermore, we cannot assure you that these protections will be adequate to prevent our competitors from independently developing platforms, solutions technologies or logos that are substantially equivalent or superior to our own. The protection of our intellectual property may require the expenditure of financial and managerial resources. Litigation brought to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights or bring a claim against a third-party licensor could be costly, time-consuming and distracting to management and may result in the impairment or loss of portions of our intellectual property. In addition, the laws of some countries in which we now or in the future provide our platform and solutions may not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. If our efforts to secure, protect and enforce our intellectual property rights are inadequate, or if any third party misappropriates, dilutes or infringes on our intellectual property, the value of our brand may be harmed, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Third parties may claim that we are infringing or misappropriating their intellectual property rights, which could cause us to suffer competitive injury, expend significant resources defending against such claims or be prevented from offering our platform and solutions. Our competitors, as well as other companies and individuals, may have obtained, and may be expected to obtain in the future, intellectual property rights related to the type of platform and solutions we currently provide or plan to provide. In particular, as the number of trading marketplaces we offer on our platform increases and the functionality across these marketplaces and related platform solutions further overlap, the possibility of intellectual property rights claims against us grows. We cannot assure you that we are or will be aware of all third-party intellectual property rights that may pose a risk of infringement or misappropriation to our platform, solutions, technologies or the manner in which we operate our business. We have in the past been, are currently, and may from time to time in the future become subject to legal proceedings and claims relating to the intellectual property rights of others. The costs of supporting legal and dispute resolution proceedings are considerable, and there can be no assurance that a favorable outcome will be obtained. We may need to settle litigation and disputes on terms that are unfavorable to us, or we may be subject to an unfavorable judgment. The terms of any settlement or judgment may require us to cease some or all of our operations, pay substantial amounts to the other party and/or seek a license to continue practices found to be in violation of third-party intellectual property rights, which may not be available on reasonable terms and may significantly increase our operating expenses. A license may not be available to us at all, and we may be required to develop alternative non-infringing platforms, solutions, technologies or practices or discontinue use of such platforms, solutions, technologies or practices. Any development efforts could require significant effort and expense and, as result, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 51 Table of Contents Our use of open source software could result in litigation or impose unanticipated restrictions on our ability to commercialize our platform and solutions. We use open source software in our technology, most often as small components within a larger solution. Open source code is also contained in some third-party software we rely on. The terms of many open source licenses are ambiguous and have not been interpreted by U.S. or other courts, and these licenses could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to commercialize our platform and solutions, license the software on unfavorable terms, require us to re-engineer our platform and solutions or take other remedial actions, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Risks Relating to Legal, Regulatory and Tax Considerations Extensive regulation of our industry results in ongoing exposure to significant costs and penalties, enhanced oversight and restrictions and limitations on our ability to conduct and grow our business. The financial services industry, including our business, is subject to extensive regulation by governmental and self-regulatory organizations in the jurisdictions in which we operate. These regulators have broad powers to promulgate and interpret laws, rules and regulations that often serve to restrict or limit our business. The SEC, the CFTC, FINRA, the NFA and other authorities extensively regulate the U.S. financial services industry, including most of our operations in the United States. Much of our international operations are subject to similar regulations in their respective jurisdictions, including regulations overseen by the FCA, the DNB, the AFM, the AMF, the ACPR, the BaFin, the JFSA, the JSDA, the SFC, the MAS, the ASIC, the CBNV, the FINMA, the Canadian Investment Regulatory Organization (CIRO) and provincial regulators in Canada, the DFSA, the ADGM and the CMVM. Most aspects of our business, and in particular our broker-dealer, SEF and introducing broker subsidiaries, are subject to laws, rules and regulations that cover all aspects of our business, including manner of operation, system integrity, anti-money laundering and financial crimes, handling of material non-public information, safeguarding data, capital requirements, reporting, record retention, market access, licensing of employees and the conduct of officers, employees and other associated persons. See Part I, Item 1. – “Business – Regulation,” for a further description of the laws, rules and regulations that materially impact our business. There can be no assurance that we or our directors, officers and employees will be able to fully comply with these laws, rules and regulations. Any failure to comply with such legal and regulatory requirements could subject us to increased costs, fines, penalties or other sanctions, including suspensions of, or prohibitions on, certain of our activities, revocations of certain of our licenses or registrations, such as our membership in FINRA or our registration as a broker-dealer, or suspension of personnel. Certain of our subsidiaries are subject to net capital and similar financial resource requirements. For example, our SEF subsidiaries are required to maintain sufficient financial resources to cover operating costs for at least one year. These net capital and related requirements may restrict our ability to withdraw capital from our regulated subsidiaries in certain circumstances, including through the payment of dividends, stock repurchases or the making of unsecured advances or loans. Some of our subsidiaries are subject to regulations, including under FINRA, the FCA and the DNB, regarding changes in control of their ownership or organizational structure as defined by the applicable regulatory body. These regulations generally provide that prior regulatory approval must be obtained in connection with any transaction resulting in a change in control or organizational structure of the subsidiary, such as changes in direct and indirect ownership or changes in the composition of the board of directors or similar body or the appointment of new officers, and may include similar changes that occur at the Company or any of its stockholders that may be deemed to hold a controlling interest as defined by the applicable regulatory body. As a result of these regulations, our future efforts to sell shares or raise additional capital, or to make changes to our organizational structure, may be delayed or prohibited in circumstances in which such a transaction would give rise to a change in control or organizational structure as defined by the applicable regulatory body. Our ability to operate our trading platform or offer our solutions in a particular jurisdiction is dependent on continued registration or authorization in that jurisdiction (or the maintenance of a valid exemption from such registration or authorization). In addition, regulatory approval may be required to expand certain of our operations and activities, and we may not be able to obtain the necessary regulatory approvals on a timely or cost-effective basis, or at all. Even if regulatory approvals are obtained, they may limit or impose restrictions on our operations and activities, and we may not be able to continue to comply with the terms of such approvals. We incur significant costs, and will continue to devote significant financial and operational resources, to develop, implement and maintain policies, systems and processes to comply with our evolving legal and regulatory requirements. Future laws, rules and regulations, or adverse changes to, or more stringent enforcement of, existing laws, rules and regulations, could increase these costs and expose us to significant liabilities. 52 Table of Contents Our regulators generally require strict compliance with their laws, rules and regulations, and may investigate and enforce compliance and punish non-compliance. Many of our regulators, as well as other governmental authorities, are empowered to bring enforcement actions and to conduct administrative proceedings, examinations, inspections and investigations, which may result in increased compliance costs, penalties, fines, enhanced oversight, increased financial and capital requirements, additional restrictions or limitations, censure, suspension or other sanction, such as disgorgement, restitution or the revocation of regulatory approvals. The risks associated with such actions are difficult to assess or quantify. In the normal course of our business, we have been, and continue to be from time to time, a party to various legal and regulatory proceedings related to compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations, including audits, examinations and investigations of our operations and activities. Legal and regulatory actions, from subpoenas and other requests for information to potential criminal investigations, may divert management’s attention, cause us to incur significant expenses, including fees for legal representation and costs for remediation efforts, and result in fines, penalties or other sanctions. We may also be required to change or cease aspects of our operations or activities if a legal or regulatory authority determines that we have failed to comply with any laws, rules or regulations applicable to our business and/or otherwise determines to prohibit any of our operations or activities or revoke any of our approvals. In addition, regardless of the outcome, such actions may result in substantial costs and negative publicity, which may damage our reputation and impair our ability to attract and retain clients. Firms in the financial services industry have experienced increased scrutiny in recent years, and there have been significant penalties, fines and other sanctions sought by governmental and regulatory authorities, including the SEC, the CFTC, the Department of Justice, state securities administrators and state attorneys general in the U.S., the FCA in the UK, the AFM in the Netherlands and other foreign regulators. Heightened regulatory oversight and enforcement environment may create uncertainty and may increase our exposure to scrutiny of our operations and activities, significant penalties and liability and negative publicity. Our business, and the businesses of many of our clients, could be materially adversely affected by new laws, rules or regulations or changes in existing laws, rules or regulations, including the interpretation and enforcement thereof. Our business, and the business of many of our clients, is subject to extensive regulation. Governmental and regulatory authorities periodically review legislative and regulatory policies and initiatives, particularly following changes in administration, and may promulgate new or revised, laws, rules and regulations, or adopt changes in the interpretation and enforcement of or repeal existing laws, rules and regulations, or abandon any pending legislative or regulatory proposals, at any time. Any such changes in laws, rules or regulations or in governmental policies could create additional regulatory exposure or uncertainty for our business, cause us to incur significant additional costs, require us to change or cease aspects of our business or restrict or limit our ability to grow our business, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. There have been in the past, and could be in the future, significant technological, operational and compliance costs associated with the obligations that derive from compliance with evolving laws, rules and regulations. Changes in legislation and in the rules and regulations promulgated by domestic and foreign regulators, and how they are applied, often directly affect the method of operation and profitability of dealers and other financial services intermediaries, including our dealer clients, and could result in restrictions in the way we and our clients conduct business. For example, current financial regulations impose certain capital requirements on, and restrict certain trading activities by, our dealer clients, which could adversely affect such clients’ ability to make markets across a variety of asset classes and products. If our existing dealer clients reduce their trading activity and that activity is not replaced by other market participants, the level of liquidity and pricing available on our trading platform would be negatively impacted, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our business and that of our clients could also be affected by the monetary policies adopted by the Federal Reserve and foreign central banking authorities, which may affect the credit quality of our clients or increase the cost for our clients to trade certain instruments on our trading platform. In addition, such changes in monetary policy by the Federal Reserve, including changes to the federal funds rate, may directly impact our cost of funds for financing and investment activities and may impact the value of any financial instruments we hold. Furthermore, many of the underlying markets in which we facilitate trading, and in which our clients trade, are subject to regulation. For example, trading in interest rate swaps has been subject to extensive regulation in the past, and any future regulation could lead to a decline in trading in these markets, which could have a negative impact on our trading volumes and, as a result, our revenues. 53 Table of Contents In addition, regulatory bodies in Europe have developed and continue to develop rules and regulations targeted at the financial services industry. Additionally, most of the world’s major economies have introduced and continue to introduce regulations implementing Basel III, a global regulatory standard on bank capital adequacy, stress testing and market liquidity risk. In the United States, the implementation and potential recalibration of final Basel III capital rules may further restrict the ability of our U.S. bank and dealer clients to use balance sheet capacity for trading purposes. The continued implementation of new rules and regulations concerning bank capital standards could restrict the ability of our large bank and dealer clients to raise additional capital or use existing capital for trading purposes, which might cause them to trade less on our platform and diminish transaction velocity. In addition, as regulations are introduced which affect our prudential obligations, the regulatory capital requirements imposed on certain of our subsidiaries may change. See Part I, Item 1. – “Business – Regulation – U.S. Regulation – Additional Developments,” Part I, Item 1. – “Business – Regulation – U.S. Regulation – Cryptocurrency Regulation and Developments” and Part I, Item 1. – “Business – Regulation – Non-U.S. Regulation,” for additional information regarding changes in regulation that may impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. It is difficult to know conclusively how future regulatory developments may directly affect our business. We cannot predict whether additional changes to the laws, rules and regulations that govern our business and operations, including changes to their interpretation, implementation or enforcement, will occur in the future or the extent to which any such changes will impact our business and operations. In addition, we cannot predict how current proposals that have not yet been finalized or that remain subject to ongoing debate will be implemented or in what form. We believe that uncertainty and potential delays around the final form of such new laws, rules and regulations may negatively impact our clients and trading volumes in certain markets in which we transact. Additionally, unintended consequences of such new laws, rules and regulations may adversely affect our industry, our clients and us in ways yet to be determined. Any such legal and regulatory changes could affect us in substantial and unpredictable ways, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with privacy, data protection and information security laws, rules, regulations and obligations could harm our business. Certain types of information we collect, compile, store, use, transfer and/or publish are subject to numerous federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations regarding privacy, data protection and information security. These laws, rules and regulations govern the storing, sharing, use, processing, transfer, disclosure and protection of personal information and other content. The scope of these laws, rules and regulations is changing, subject to differing interpretations, and may be inconsistent among jurisdictions or conflict with other laws, rules or regulations. We are also subject to the terms of our privacy policies and obligations to third parties related to applicable privacy, data protection and information security. The regulatory framework for privacy, data protection and information security worldwide is uncertain, and is likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future, and we expect that there will continue to be new laws, rules regulations and industry standards concerning privacy, data protection and information security proposed and enacted in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. For example, in the EEA, the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) imposes more stringent EU data protection requirements for entities using, processing, and transferring personal data and provides for significant penalties for noncompliance. The GDPR prohibits the transfer of personal data to countries outside of the EU/EEA (including the U.S.) that are not considered by the European Commission to provide an adequate level of data protection (“Third Countries”), except if the data controller meets very specific requirements, including, for example, use of standard contractual clauses (“SCCs”), issued by the European Commission, or certification by the data importer under the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework administered by the U.S. Department of Commerce. The SCCs impose obligations on companies relating to cross-border personal data transfers, including, for example, depending on a party’s role in the transfer, implementation of additional security measures and to update internal privacy practices. We rely on a mixture of mechanisms to transfer personal data from our EU business to the U.S. and other Third Countries and we continue to evaluate what additional mechanisms may be required to establish adequate safeguards for personal information. As supervisory authorities issue further guidance on personal information export mechanisms, including circumstances where the SCCs cannot be used and/or broaden their enforcement activities, we could incur substantial costs and/or regulatory investigations or fines. We are also subject to the GDPR as incorporated into United Kingdom law (“UK GDPR”). Following Brexit, the European Commission adopted a UK adequacy decision in June 2021 and further renewed its decision until December 27, 2031, which organizations can rely on for EEA to UK personal data transfers. In recent years, the UK government has introduced proposed legislation intended to create a more business-friendly regime in the UK through changes to data protection legislation. On June 19, 2025, the UK government enacted the U.K. Data (Use and Access) Act 2025 (“DUAA”), which includes targeted amendments to the UK’s data protection regime that cause it to expressly deviate from the GDPR in certain respects. This development creates new compliance challenges and has created some uncertainty with respect to whether such legislative reforms could potentially lead the European Commission to revoke or elect not to further renew the UK adequacy decision. Outside of Europe and the UK, several other countries in which we operate, including China, Japan, India, Singapore, Hong Kong and Australia have established specific legal requirements for privacy, data protection and information security, including data localization and/or cross-border transfer restrictions. 54 Table of Contents If we are otherwise unable to transfer personal information between and among countries and regions in which we operate, it could affect the manner in which we provide our services and could adversely affect our financial results. Moreover, any changes to these laws may require us to modify our data processing practices and policies and to incur substantial costs and expenses to comply. We are also subject to evolving EU and UK privacy laws on cookies, tracking technologies and e-marketing. DUAA brings the maximum fine threshold under the UK Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulation (2003) (currently £500,000) in line with the UK GDPR fine thresholds (i.e., the higher of £17.5 million or 4% of annual global turnover), but relaxes some cookie consent requirements. In recent years, European court and regulator decisions have driven increased attention to the use of cookies and tracking technologies on websites and digital platforms. If the trend of increasing enforcement by regulators continues, this could lead to substantial costs, require significant systems changes, limit the effectiveness of our marketing activities, divert the attention of our technology personnel, adversely affect our margins and subject us to additional liabilities. In light of the complex and evolving nature of EU, EU member states’ and UK privacy laws on cookies and tracking technologies, it may prove to be a significant challenge to comply with such laws. There has also been increased regulation of data privacy and security in the U.S. at the state level, including privacy laws on cookies, tracking technologies and e-marketing. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), which came into force in 2020, broadly defines personal information and California “consumers” to whom the law applies, and gives California residents expanded data privacy rights and protections to access and delete their personal information, opt out of certain personal information sharing, and receive detailed information about how their personal data is used. The CCPA provides for civil penalties for violations and a private right of action for data breaches. In addition, the California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”), which took effect on January 1, 2023, significantly expanded the CCPA. Among other changes, the CPRA introduced additional obligations such as data minimization and storage limitations; established a dedicated privacy regulator in California, the California Privacy Protection Agency, to implement and enforce the law; and granted additional rights to consumers, such as correction of personal information and additional opt-out rights with respect to a new category of “sensitive information.” The CCPA marked the beginning of a trend toward more stringent state data privacy legislation in the U.S., which may result in significant costs to our business, damage our reputation, require us to amend our business practices, and could adversely affect our business, especially to the extent the specific requirements vary from those and other existing laws. For example, comprehensive privacy laws in multiple U.S. states have gone, or will go, into effect between 2024 and 2026, and a number of other states are considering similar laws related to the protection of consumer personal information. In addition, many jurisdictions have also enacted or are considering laws requiring companies to notify individuals and/or regulators of data security breaches involving their personal data. The SEC also has adopted amendments to Regulation S-P (the privacy regulation applicable to certain financial institutions, including broker-dealers) that expanded the scope of the regulation and mandate notification to clients and customers in the event of privacy breaches. These mandatory notifications are costly to implement and often lead to widespread negative publicity, which may cause our clients to lose confidence in the effectiveness of our cybersecurity measures. Any inability, or perceived inability, by us or third parties on which we rely to comply with applicable laws, regulations, policies, industry standards and guidance, contractual obligations, or other legal obligations requiring notification could result in litigation, regulatory investigations, fines and penalties, enforcement actions, increased costs to us and significant legal and financial exposure and/or reputational harm. Our efforts to comply with privacy, data protection and information security laws, rules and regulations could entail substantial expenses, may divert resources from other initiatives and could impact our ability to provide certain solutions. Additionally, if our third-party providers violate any of these laws or regulations, such violations may also put our operations at risk. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with any of our obligations relating to privacy, data protection or information security may result in governmental investigations or enforcement actions, litigation, claims or negative publicity and could result in significant liability, increased costs or cause our clients to lose trust in us, which could have an adverse effect on our reputation and business. 55 Table of Contents New tax legislation and regulation may materially adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. At any time, the U.S. federal income tax laws or the administrative interpretations of those laws may be amended. We cannot predict when or if any new U.S. federal income tax law, regulation or administrative interpretation, or any amendment to any existing U.S. federal income tax law, regulation, or administrative interpretation, will be adopted, promulgated or become effective or be repealed. Any such law, regulation or interpretation could take effect retroactively, and could adversely affect our business and financial condition, and the impact of any such law, regulation or interpretation on holders of our Class A common stock could be adverse. For example, the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (“OBBBA”) contains several changes to corproate taxation, including modifications to capitalization of research and development expenses, limitations on deductions for interest expense and accelerated fixed asset depreciation. The Inflation Reduction Act (“IRA”) enacted, among other changes, a 15% corporate alternative minimum tax on certain United States corporations and a 1% excise tax on certain stock redemptions by United States corporations. In addition, on October 8, 2021, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development announced an accord endorsing and providing an implementation plan focused on global profit allocation, and implementing a global minimum tax rate of at least 15% for large multinational corporations on a jurisdiction-by-jurisdiction basis, known as the “Two Pillar Plan.” On December 15, 2022, the European Council formally adopted an EU directive on the implementation of the plan by January 1, 2024. We fall under the provisions of the Two Pillar Plan and related tax impacts per local country adoption as we are a consolidating subsidiary of LSEG. We do not anticipate a material impact to our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows from the OBBBA, IRA or Two Pillar Plan. Unanticipated changes in effective tax rates or adverse outcomes resulting from examination of our income or other tax returns could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We are subject to taxation by U.S. federal, state, local and foreign tax authorities, and our tax liabilities will be affected by the allocation of expenses to differing jurisdictions. Our future effective tax rates could be subject to volatility or adversely affected by a number of factors, including: • changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities; • expected timing and amount of the release of any tax valuation allowances; • tax effects of stock-based compensation; • changes in tax laws, regulations or interpretations thereof; or • future earnings being lower than anticipated in countries where we have lower statutory tax rates and higher than anticipated in countries where we have higher statutory tax rates. In addition, we may be subject to audits of our income, sales and other transaction taxes by U.S. federal, state, local and foreign taxing authorities. Outcomes from these audits could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. In certain circumstances, liability for adjustments to a partnership’s tax return may be imputed to the partnership itself absent an election to the contrary. TWM LLC may be subject to material liabilities if, for example, its calculations of taxable income are incorrect. Our compliance and risk management programs might not be effective and may result in outcomes that could adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. Our ability to comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations is largely dependent on our establishment and maintenance of compliance and risk management programs, including audit and reporting systems, that can quickly adapt and respond to changes in the legal and regulatory landscape, as well as our ability to attract and retain qualified compliance, audit, legal, cybersecurity and other compliance and risk management personnel. While we have policies and procedures to identify, monitor and manage our risks and regulatory obligations, we cannot assure you that our policies and procedures will always be effective or that we will always be successful in monitoring or evaluating the risks to which we are or may be exposed. Our risk-management programs may prove to be ineffective because of their design, their implementation and maintenance or the lack of adequate, accurate or timely information. If our risk management programs and efforts are ineffective, we could suffer losses that could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. As part of our compliance and risk management programs, we must rely upon our analysis of laws, rules, regulations and information regarding our industry, markets, personnel, clients and other matters. That information may not in all cases be accurate, complete, up-to-date or properly analyzed. Furthermore, we rely on a combination of technical and human controls and supervision that are subject to error and potential failure. 56 Table of Contents In case of non-compliance or alleged non-compliance with applicable laws, rules or regulations by us or third parties on which we may rely, we could be subject to regulatory investigations and proceedings that may be very expensive to defend against and may result in substantial fines and penalties or civil lawsuits, including by clients, for damages which can be significant. Any of these outcomes would adversely affect our reputation, financial condition and results of operations. Further, the implementation of new legislation or regulations, or changes in or unfavorable interpretations of existing legislation or regulations by courts or regulators, could require us to incur significant compliance costs and impede our ability to operate, expand and enhance our platform and solutions as necessary to remain competitive and grow our business, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are exposed to litigation risk, including securities litigation risk. We are from time to time involved in various litigation matters and claims, including lawsuits regarding employment matters, breach of contract matters and other business and commercial matters. See Part I, Item 3. – “Legal Proceedings.” Many aspects of our business, and the businesses of our clients, involve substantial risks of liability. These risks include, among others, disputes over the terms of a trade and claims that a system failure or delay caused monetary loss to a client or that an unauthorized trade occurred. Although we carry insurance that may limit our risk of damages in some matters, we may still sustain uncovered losses or losses in excess of available insurance, and we could incur significant legal expenses defending claims, even those without merit. Due to the uncertain nature of the litigation process, it is not possible to predict with certainty the outcome of any particular litigation matter or claim, and we could in the future incur judgments or enter into settlements that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The ultimate outcome of litigation matters and claims against us may require us to change or cease certain operations and may result in higher operating costs. An adverse resolution of any litigation matter or claim could cause damage to our reputation and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our stock price may be volatile and, in the past, companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been subject to securities class action litigation. We may be the target of this type of litigation in the future. Litigation of this type could result in substantial costs and diversion of management’s attention and resources, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Any adverse determination in litigation could also subject us to significant liabilities. Risks Relating to our Indebtedness The credit agreement that governs the 2023 Revolving Credit Facility imposes certain operating and financial restrictions on us and our restricted subsidiaries, which may prevent us from capitalizing on business opportunities, and we may incur debt in the future that may include similar or additional restrictions. We are party to the 2023 Revolving Credit Facility, a $500.0 million senior unsecured revolving credit facility with a syndicate of banks. The credit agreement that governs the 2023 Revolving Credit Facility imposes certain operating and financial restrictions. These restrictions, which are subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions, could, among other things, limit the ability of (i) TWM LLC to merge or consolidate with other entities, (ii) the subsidiaries of TWM LLC to incur or guarantee indebtedness and (iii) TWM LLC and its subsidiaries to create or incur liens. In addition, the credit agreement that governs our 2023 Revolving Credit Facility requires us to maintain a maximum total net leverage ratio and a minimum cash interest coverage ratio. See Part II, Item 7. – “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Liquidity and Capital Resources.” These covenants could affect our ability to finance our future operations or capital needs and otherwise conduct our business. Our ability to comply with these covenants may be affected by circumstances and events beyond our control, such as prevailing economic conditions and changes in regulations, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to comply with such covenants. In addition, complying with these covenants may also cause us to take actions that make it more difficult for us to successfully execute our business strategies and compete against companies that are not subject to such restrictions. Our failure to comply with the covenants and other terms of the 2023 Revolving Credit Facility and/or the terms of any future indebtedness could result in an event of default. If any such event of default occurs and is not waived, the lenders under the 2023 Revolving Credit Facility could elect to declare all amounts outstanding and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, under the 2023 Revolving Credit Facility to be immediately due and payable. The lenders would also have the right in these circumstances to terminate any commitments they have to provide further credit extensions. If we are forced to refinance any borrowings under the 2023 Revolving Credit Facility on less favorable terms or if we cannot refinance these borrowings, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 57 Table of Contents In addition, although the credit agreement that governs the 2023 Revolving Credit Facility contains restrictions on the incurrence of certain indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions, and we and our subsidiaries may be able to incur substantial indebtedness in the future. The terms of any future indebtedness we may incur could include more restrictive covenants. Any borrowings under the 2023 Revolving Credit Facility will subject us to interest rate risk, which could cause our debt service obligations to increase significantly. Any borrowings under the 2023 Revolving Credit Facility will be at variable rates of interest and expose us to interest rate risk. If interest rates rise, our debt service obligations on any borrowings under the 2023 Revolving Credit Facility will increase even though the amount borrowed may remain the same, and our net income and cash flows will correspondingly decrease. Assuming that the $500.0 million 2023 Revolving Credit Facility was fully drawn, each 0.125% change in interest rates would result in an approximate change of $0.6 million in annual interest expense on the borrowings under the 2023 Revolving Credit Facility. Borrowings under the 2023 Revolving Credit Facility may bear interest at a rate per annum that, at our election, is based upon SOFR. Since the initial publication of SOFR, daily changes in the rate have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmark or market rates, and SOFR over time may bear little or no relation to the historical actual or historical indicative data. Risks Relating to our Organizational Structure and Governance LSEG controls us and its interests may conflict with ours or yours in the future. Following the consummation of the LSEG Transaction, LSEG is the controlling shareholder of Refinitiv and Refinitiv continues to be the controlling shareholder of Tradeweb. As of December 31, 2025, Refinitiv controls approximately 89.9% of the combined voting power of our common stock as a result of its ownership of our Class B common stock and Class D common stock, each share of which is entitled to 10 votes on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders and its ownership of our Class C common stock, each share of which is entitled to 1 vote on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders. Moreover, under our amended and restated bylaws and the Stockholders Agreement, for so long as Refinitiv continues to beneficially own at least 10% of the combined voting power of our common stock, we will agree to nominate to our board of directors a certain number of individuals designated by Refinitiv. Even when Refinitiv ceases to own shares of our common stock representing a majority of the combined voting power, for so long as Refinitiv continues to own a significant percentage of our common stock, Refinitiv will still be able to significantly influence the composition of our board of directors and the approval of actions requiring stockholder approval through its combined voting power. Accordingly, for such period of time, LSEG, including Refinitiv, will continue to have significant influence with respect to our management, business plans and policies. In particular, LSEG is able to cause or prevent a change of control of our company or a change in the composition of our board of directors and could preclude any unsolicited acquisition of our company. The concentration of voting power could deprive you of an opportunity to receive a premium for your shares of Class A common stock as part of a sale of our company and ultimately might affect the market price of our Class A common stock. LSEG engages in a broad spectrum of activities. In the ordinary course of its business activities, LSEG may engage in activities where its interests conflict with our interests or those of our stockholders. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that none of Refinitiv, any of its affiliates (including LSEG) or any director who is not employed by us (including any non-employee director who serves as one of our officers in both his or her director and officer capacities) or his or her affiliates has any duty to refrain from engaging, directly or indirectly, in the same business activities or similar business activities or lines of business in which we operate. LSEG also may pursue acquisition opportunities that may be complementary to our business, and, as a result, those acquisition opportunities may not be available to us. In addition, LSEG may have an interest in our pursuing acquisitions, divestitures and other transactions that, in its judgment, could enhance its investment, even though such transactions might involve risks to you. We are a “controlled company” within the meaning of the corporate governance standards of Nasdaq and, as a result, qualify for, and rely on, exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. LSEG owns a majority of the combined voting power in us. As a result, we are a “controlled company” within the meaning of the corporate governance standards of Nasdaq. A company of which more than 50% of the voting power is held by an individual, a group or another company is a “controlled company” within the meaning of the corporate governance standards of Nasdaq and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements of Nasdaq, including: • the requirement that a majority of our board of directors consist of independent directors; 58 Table of Contents • the requirement that director nominations be made, or recommended to the full board of directors, by its independent directors or by a nominations committee that is composed entirely of independent directors; and • the requirement that we have a compensation committee that is composed entirely of independent directors. We may in the future rely on any or all of the exemptions listed above. If we utilize the exemptions, we will not have a majority of independent directors and our nominating and corporate governance and compensation committees will not consist entirely of independent directors. As a result, our board of directors and those committees may have more directors who do not meet Nasdaq independence standards than they would if those standards were to apply. The independence standards are intended to ensure that directors who meet those standards are free of any conflicting interest that could influence their actions as directors. Accordingly, if we utilize the exemptions, you would not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the corporate governance requirements of Nasdaq. Anti-takeover provisions in our organizational documents and Delaware law might discourage or delay acquisition attempts for us that you might consider favorable. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that may make the merger or acquisition of our company more difficult without the approval of our board of directors. Among other things, these provisions: • provide for a multi-class common stock structure with a 10 vote per share feature of our Class B common stock and Class D common stock; • allow us to authorize the issuance of undesignated preferred stock in connection with a stockholder rights plan or otherwise, the terms of which may be established and the shares of which may be issued without stockholder approval, and which may include super voting, special approval, dividend, or other rights or preferences superior to the rights of the holders of our common stock; • prohibit stockholder action by written consent from and after the date on which Refinitiv ceases to beneficially own at least 50% of the total voting power of all then outstanding shares of our capital stock unless such action is recommended by all directors then in office; • provide that the board of directors is expressly authorized to make, alter or repeal our bylaws and that our stockholders may only amend our bylaws with the approval of 66 2∕3% or more in voting power of all outstanding shares of our capital stock, if Refinitiv beneficially owns less than 50% in voting power of our stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors; and • establish advance notice requirements for nominations for elections to our board or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at stockholder meetings. In addition, while we have opted out of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (“DGCL”), our amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains similar provisions providing that we may not engage in certain “business combinations” with any “interested stockholder” for a three-year period following the time that the stockholder became an interested stockholder, unless: • prior to such time, our board of directors approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; • upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85% of our voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding certain shares; or • at or subsequent to that time, the business combination is approved by our board of directors and by the affirmative vote of holders of at least 66 2∕3% of our outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the interested stockholder. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that Refinitiv and its affiliates, and any of their respective direct or indirect transferees and any group as to which such persons are a party, do not constitute “interested stockholders” for purposes of this provision. Further, as a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to provisions of Delaware law, which may impair a takeover attempt that our stockholders may find beneficial. These anti-takeover provisions and other provisions under Delaware law could discourage, delay or prevent a transaction involving a change in control of our company, including actions that our stockholders may deem advantageous, or negatively affect the market price of our Class A common stock. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for you and other stockholders to elect directors of your choosing and to cause us to take other corporate actions you desire. See Exhibit 4.2 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description of our capital stock. 59 Table of Contents Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders’ ability to obtain what such stockholders believe to be a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent to the selection of an alternative forum, any (i) derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of our company, (ii) action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee of our company to our company or our stockholders, (iii) action asserting a claim against us or any director or officer arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws or (iv) action asserting a claim against us or any director or officer of our company governed by the internal affairs doctrine, shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be exclusively brought in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or, if such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction thereof, the federal district court of the State of Delaware. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the exclusive forum provision does not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act, the Securities Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring an interest in any shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. These choice-of-forum provisions may limit a stockholder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that he, she or it believes to be favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find these provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. Our principal asset is our equity interest in TWM LLC, and, accordingly, we depend on distributions from TWM LLC to pay our taxes and expenses, including payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. We are a holding company and our principal asset is our equity interest in TWM LLC. We have no independent means of generating revenue or cash flow, and our ability to pay our taxes and operating expenses or declare and pay dividends, if any, in accordance with our dividend policy will be dependent upon the financial results and cash flows of TWM LLC and its subsidiaries and distributions we receive from TWM LLC. There can be no assurance that TWM LLC and its subsidiaries will generate sufficient cash flow to distribute funds to us or that applicable state law and contractual restrictions will permit such distributions. We also incur expenses related to our operations, including payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement, which we expect could be significant. See Note 10 – Tax Receivable Agreement to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We intend, as its sole manager of TWM LLC, to cause TWM LLC to continue to make cash distributions to the owners of LLC Interests, including us, in an amount sufficient to (i) fund all or part of their tax obligations in respect of taxable income allocated to them and (ii) cover our operating expenses, including payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. When TWM LLC makes distributions, Continuing LLC Owners will be entitled to receive proportionate distributions based on their economic interests in TWM LLC at the time of such distributions. TWM LLC’s ability to make such distributions may be subject to various limitations and restrictions, such as restrictions on distributions that would either violate any contract or agreement to which TWM LLC is then a party, or any applicable law, or that would have the effect of rendering TWM LLC insolvent. If we do not have sufficient funds to pay tax or other liabilities or to fund our operations, we may have to borrow funds, including under the 2023 Revolving Credit Facility, which could materially adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition and subject us to various restrictions imposed by any such indebtedness. To the extent that we are unable to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement for any reason, such payments generally will be deferred and will accrue interest until paid; provided, however, that nonpayment for a specified period may constitute a material breach of a material obligation under the Tax Receivable Agreement and therefore accelerate payments due under the Tax Receivable Agreement. See “— Risks Relating to Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock.” 60 Table of Contents In certain circumstances, TWM LLC will be required to make distributions to us and the other holders of LLC Interests, and the distributions that TWM LLC will be required to make may be substantial and in excess of our tax liabilities and obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement. To the extent we do not distribute such excess cash, the Continuing LLC Owners would benefit from any value attributable to such cash balances as a result of their ownership of Class A common stock or Class B common stock following an exchange of their LLC Interests. TWM LLC is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes and, as such, is not subject to any entity-level U.S. federal income tax. Instead, taxable income is allocated to holders of LLC Interests, including us. Accordingly, we incur income taxes on our allocable share of any net taxable income of TWM LLC. Under the TWM LLC Agreement, TWM LLC is generally required from time to time to make pro rata distributions in cash to us and the other holders of LLC Interests in amounts that are intended to be sufficient to cover the taxes on our and the other LLC Interests holders’ respective allocable shares of the taxable income of TWM LLC. As a result of (i) potential differences in the amount of net taxable income allocable to us and the other LLC Interest holders, (ii) the lower tax rate applicable to corporations as compared to individuals and (iii) the favorable tax benefits that we anticipate receiving from (a) acquisitions of LLC Interests in connection with future taxable redemptions or exchanges of LLC Interests for shares of our Class A common stock or Class B common stock, as applicable, and (b) payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement, we expect that these tax distributions will be in amounts that exceed our tax liabilities and obligations to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. Our board of directors will determine the appropriate uses for any excess cash so accumulated, which may include, among other uses, any potential dividends, the payment of obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement and the payment of other expenses. We have no obligation to distribute such cash (or other available cash other than any declared dividend) to our stockholders. No adjustments to the redemption or exchange ratio of LLC Interests for shares of Class A common stock or Class B common stock, as applicable, will be made as a result of either (i) any cash distribution by TWM LLC or (ii) any cash that we retain and do not distribute to our stockholders. To the extent that we do not distribute such excess cash as dividends on our Class A common stock and Class B common stock and instead, for example, hold such cash balances or lend them to TWM LLC, Continuing LLC Owners would benefit from any value attributable to such cash balances as a result of their ownership of Class A common stock or Class B common stock, as applicable, following a redemption or exchange of their LLC Interests. The Tax Receivable Agreement with the Continuing LLC Owners requires us to make cash payments to them in respect of certain tax benefits to which we may become entitled, and we expect that the payments we will be required to make will be substantial. We are a party to the Tax Receivable Agreement with TWM LLC and the Continuing LLC Owners. Under the Tax Receivable Agreement, we are required to make cash payments to a Continuing LLC Owner equal to 50% of the U.S. federal, state and local income or franchise tax savings, if any, that we actually realize, or in certain circumstances are deemed to realize, as a result of (i) increases in the tax basis of TWM LLC’s assets resulting from (a) the purchase of LLC Interests from a Continuing LLC Owner, including with the net proceeds from the IPO, the October 2019 and the April 2020 follow-on offerings and any future offerings or (b) redemptions or exchanges by a Continuing LLC Owner of LLC Interests for shares of our Class A common stock or Class B common stock or for cash, as applicable, and (ii) certain other tax benefits related to our making payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. We expect that the amount of the cash payments that we will be required to make under the Tax Receivable Agreement will be substantial. Any payments made by us to the Continuing LLC Owners under the Tax Receivable Agreement will generally reduce the amount of overall cash flow that might have otherwise been available to us. Furthermore, our obligation to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement could make us a less attractive target for an acquisition, particularly in the case of an acquirer that cannot use some or all of the tax benefits that are the subject of the Tax Receivable Agreement. The actual increase in tax basis, as well as the amount and timing of any payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement, will vary depending on a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the timing of any future redemptions, exchanges or purchases of the LLC Interests held by Continuing LLC Owners, the price of our Class A common stock at the time of the redemption, exchange or purchase, the extent to which redemptions or exchanges are taxable, the amount and timing of the taxable income that we generate in the future, the timing and amount of any earlier payments we make under the Tax Receivable Agreement itself, the tax rates then applicable and the portion of our payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement constituting imputed interest. We expect that, as a result of the increases in the tax basis of the tangible and intangible assets of TWM LLC attributable to the redeemed or exchanged LLC Interests, the payments that we may make to Continuing LLC Owners could be substantial. 61 Table of Contents For example, as of December 31, 2025, we recorded a liability of $336.5 million related to our projected obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement with respect to LLC Interests that were purchased by Tradeweb Markets Inc. using the net proceeds from the IPO and the October 2019 and the April 2020 follow-on offerings and LLC Interests that were subsequently exchanged by Continuing LLC Owners. Payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement are not conditioned on any Continuing LLC Owner’s continued ownership of LLC Interests or our Class A common stock or Class B common stock. There may be a material negative effect on our liquidity if, as described below, the payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement exceed the actual benefits we receive in respect of the tax attributes subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement and/or distributions to us by TWM LLC are not sufficient to permit us to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. Our organizational structure, including the Tax Receivable Agreement, confers certain benefits upon the Continuing LLC Owners that will not benefit Class A common stockholders or Class B common stockholders to the same extent as it will benefit the Continuing LLC Owners. Our organizational structure, including the Tax Receivable Agreement, confers certain benefits upon the Continuing LLC Owners that will not benefit the holders of our Class A common stock or Class B common stock to the same extent as it will benefit the Continuing LLC Owners. The Tax Receivable Agreement with TWM LLC and the Continuing LLC Owners provides for the payment by us to a Continuing LLC Owner of 50% of the tax benefits, if any, that we actually realize, or in certain circumstances are deemed to realize, as a result of (i) increases in the tax basis of TWM LLC’s assets resulting from (a) the purchase of LLC Interests from a Continuing LLC Owner, including with the net proceeds from the IPO, the October 2019 and April 2020 follow-on offerings and any future offerings or (b) redemptions or exchanges by a Continuing LLC Owner of LLC Interests for shares of our Class A common stock or Class B common stock or for cash, as applicable, and (ii) certain other tax benefits related to our making payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. Although we will retain 50% of the amount of such tax benefits, this and other aspects of our organizational structure may adversely impact the future trading market for the Class A common stock. In certain cases, payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement to the Continuing LLC Owners may be accelerated or significantly exceed the actual benefits we realize in respect of the tax attributes subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement. The Tax Receivable Agreement provides that upon certain changes of control or if, at any time, we elect an early termination of the Tax Receivable Agreement, then our obligations, or our successor’s obligations, to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement would be accelerated and calculated based on certain assumptions, including an assumption that we would have sufficient taxable income to fully utilize all potential future tax benefits that are subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement. As a result of the foregoing, (i) we could be required to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement that are greater than the specified percentage of the actual benefits we ultimately realize in respect of the tax benefits that are subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement (for example, if we do not end up having any income in the relevant period) and (ii) we would be required to make an immediate cash payment equal to the present value of the anticipated future tax benefits that are the subject of the Tax Receivable Agreement, which payment may be made significantly in advance of the actual realization, if any, of such future tax benefits. In these situations, our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement could have a substantial negative impact on our liquidity and could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing certain change of control transactions. There can be no assurance that we will be able to fund or finance our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement. We will not be reimbursed for any payments made to the Continuing LLC Owners under the Tax Receivable Agreement in the event that any tax benefits are disallowed. Payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement are based on the tax reporting positions that we determine, and the Internal Revenue Service or another tax authority may challenge all or part of the tax basis increases, as well as other related tax positions we take, and a court could sustain such challenge. We will not be reimbursed for any cash payments previously made to the Continuing LLC Owners under the Tax Receivable Agreement in the event that any tax benefits initially claimed by us and for which payment has been made to a Continuing LLC Owner are subsequently challenged by a taxing authority and are ultimately disallowed. Instead, any excess cash payments made by us to a Continuing LLC Owner will be netted against any future cash payments that we might otherwise be required to make to such Continuing LLC Owner under the terms of the Tax Receivable Agreement. However, we might not determine that we have effectively made an excess cash payment to a Continuing LLC Owner for a number of years following the initial time of such payment and, if any of our tax reporting positions are challenged by a taxing authority, we will not be permitted to reduce any future cash payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement until any such challenge is finally settled or determined. As a result, payments could be made under the Tax Receivable Agreement in excess of the tax savings that we realize in respect of the tax attributes with respect to a Continuing LLC Owner that are the subject of the Tax Receivable Agreement. 62 Table of Contents If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “1940 Act”), as a result of our ownership of TWM LLC, applicable restrictions could make it impractical for us to continue our business as contemplated and could have a material adverse effect on our business. Under Sections 3(a)(1)(A) and (C) of the 1940 Act, a company generally will be deemed to be an “investment company” for purposes of the 1940 Act if (i) it is, or holds itself out as being, engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities or (ii) it engages, or proposes to engage, in the business of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading in securities and it owns or proposes to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding 40% of the value of its total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. We do not believe that we are an “investment company,” as such term is defined in either of those sections of the 1940 Act. As the sole manager of TWM LLC, we control and operate TWM LLC. On that basis, we believe that our interest in TWM LLC is not an “investment security” as that term is used in the 1940 Act. However, if we were to cease participation in the management of TWM LLC, our interest in TWM LLC could be deemed an “investment security” for purposes of the 1940 Act. We and TWM LLC intend to continue to conduct our operations so that we will not be deemed an investment company. However, if we are deemed to be an investment company, restrictions imposed by the 1940 Act, including limitations on our capital structure and our ability to transact with affiliates, could make it impractical for us to continue our business as contemplated and could have a material adverse effect on our business. Risks Relating to Ownership of our Class A Common Stock Refinitiv and Continuing LLC Owners may require us to issue additional shares of our Class A common stock. As of January 29, 2026, we have an aggregate of 884,342,167 shares of Class A common stock authorized but unissued, including approximately 119,990,060 shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the redemption or exchange of LLC Interests that are held by the Continuing LLC Owners or the exchange of shares of Class B common stock that are held by Refinitiv and any other future holders of Class B common stock. Subject to certain restrictions set forth in the TWM LLC Agreement, Continuing LLC Owners are entitled to have their LLC Interests redeemed for newly issued shares of our Class A common stock or Class B common stock, as applicable, in each case, on a one-for-one basis (in which case such holders’ shares of Class C common stock or Class D common stock, as the case may be, will be cancelled on a one-for-one basis upon any such issuance). Shares of our Class B common stock may also be exchanged at any time, at the option of the holder, for newly issued shares of Class A common stock (in which case such holders’ shares of Class B common stock will be cancelled on a one-for-one basis upon any such issuance). We cannot predict the size of future issuances of our Class A common stock or the effect, if any, that future issuances and sales of shares of our Class A common stock may have on the market price of our Class A common stock. Sales or distributions of substantial amounts of our Class A common stock, including shares issued in connection with an acquisition or investment, or the perception that such sales or distributions could occur, may result in dilution to holders of shares of Class A common stock and cause the market price of our Class A common stock to decline. The market price of our Class A common stock may be highly volatile. The market price and trading volumes of our Class A common stock could be volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Stock markets have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many companies in our industry. The following factors, in addition to other factors described in this “

--- VENDORS ---
vendors. Additionally, clients can send trades to clearinghouses and reporting in real-time through third-party middleware or Tradeweb developed direct links. We work side by side with numerous industry partners to provide direct server-to-server connections. By eliminating manual re-entry of trade and allocation information, our solutions assist clients in reducing failed trades and saving time, effort and money. • Post-Trade Data, Analytics and Reporting : Our comprehensive post-trade services include: • Transaction cost analysis. Transaction cost analysis, or TCA, best execution reporting and client performance reports are powerful tools that provide our clients with ways to measure and optimize their trade performance. Our TCA tools monitor the cost effectiveness and quality of execution of trading activities for trades executed on or off Tradeweb. Our post-trade performance reports provide a summary of trading activity including detailed exception reports, price benchmarking and peer group comparisons. • Benchmark Prices. In partnership with FTSE Russell, we also provide U.S. Treasury, UK Gilt and European government bond closing prices in a manner consistent with the International Organization of Securities Commissions (“IOSCO”) principles and United Kingdom (“UK”) and European Union (“EU”) Benchmark Regulation (“BMR”). These benchmark prices can be used for various purposes, including asset valuation, trade at close and as reference rates in derivatives contracts. In 2025, FTSE Russell made a price source change to include Tradeweb FTSE benchmark closing prices for U.S. Treasuries, European government bonds and UK Gilts in FTSE’s global fixed income indices, including its World Government Bond Index, FTSE’s flagship global index and a leading global benchmark for fixed income markets. • APA. To support MiFID II regulatory obligations, we also operate an APA reporting service in the UK and EU to allow clients to meet post-trade transparency requirements for off-venue or OTC trading activity. Our APA service provides regulatory pre-trade and post-trade reporting across multiple asset classes, including for products not offered by Tradeweb. The APA service also provides venue reporting for clients for LSEG’s FX trading venues. 21 Table of Contents Corporates Solutions We currently provide clients in our corporates client sector with access to the ICD Portal, where clients can research money market fund products and place orders to purchase or redeem investments. Those orders are securely transmitted to the appropriate counterparties to ensure timely trade executions and cash transfers. Through our ICD Portfolio Analytics tool, corporate treasury organizations also have access to an AI-driven cloud solution for aggregating investment positions for comprehensive analysis, monitoring and reporting. During 2025 we introduced the ability to trade U.S. Treasuries through the ICD Portal, an important step in beginning to expand the access of our corporates client sector to the larger suite of Tradeweb solutions. In the future, we expect to further expand the ability for corporate treasury organizations to manage liquidity needs and related FX risk and to optimize yield and duration through our existing suite of Tradeweb products and partnerships. Sales and Marketing We sell and promote our offerings and solutions using a variety of sales and marketing strategies. Our sales organization, which is generally not commission based, follows a team-based approach to covering clients, deploying our product and regional expertise as best dictated by evolving market conditions. The team has historically been organized by client sector and then by region, but as markets have converged, we have increasingly leveraged our global and cross-product expertise to drive growth. Our sales team, which works closely with our technology team, is responsible for new client acquisition and the management of ongoing client relationships to increase clients’ awareness, knowledge and usage of our platform, new product launches, information and data services and post-trade services. Our sales team is also responsible for training and supporting new and existing clients on their use of our platform and solutions and for educating clients more broadly on the benefits of electronic trading, including how to optimize their trading performance and efficiency through our various trading protocols. Given the breadth of our global client network, trading volume activity and engagement with regulatory bodies, we regularly work to help educate market participants on market trends, the impact of regulatory changes and technology advancements. Our senior executives often provide insight and thought leadership to the industry through conversations with the media, appearances at important industry events, roundtables and forums, submitting authored opinion pieces to media outlets and conducting topical webinars for our clients. We believe this provides a valued service for our constituents and enhances our brand awareness and stature within the financial community. Additionally, we employ various marketing strategies to strengthen our brand position and explain our offerings, including through our public website, advertising, digital and social media, earned media, direct marketing, promotional mailings, industry conferences and hosted events. Competition The markets for our solutions continue to evolve and are competitive in the asset classes, products and geographies in which we operate. We compete with a broad range of market participants globally. Some of these market participants compete in a particular market, while select others compete against the entire spectrum of our offerings and solutions. In addition, there are other companies that have the platform breadth and global reach that we provide. We believe that our comprehensive offerings, global reach, culture of collaboration and broad network increasingly differentiate us from other market participants. We primarily compete on the basis of client network, domain expertise, breadth of offerings and solutions and ease of integration of our platform with our client’s technology, as well as the quality, reliability, security and ease of our platform and solutions. We face the following main areas of competition: • Other electronic trading platforms : We compete with a number of other electronic trading venues. These include MarketAxess, Bloomberg, ICE (Bondpoint, TMC Bonds, Creditex), Trumid, TP ICAP (Liquidnet) and others in the credit and municipal markets; Bloomberg, Euronext (MTS), CME Group (NEX Group), BGC Partners (Fenics), MarketAxess (LiquidityEdge), GLMX and others in the rates and derivatives markets; MarketAxess (RFQ-hub) and Bloomberg and others in the equities and ETF markets; and BNY Mellon, State Street, J.P. Morgan (Morgan Money) and Goldman Sachs and others in the money market portal market. • Exchanges : In recent years, exchanges have pursued acquisitions that have put them in competition with us. For example, ICE acquired BondPoint and TMC Bonds, retail-focused platforms, and Interactive Data Corporation (“IDC”), a provider of fixed income data, in an effort to expand its portfolio of fixed income products and services. CME Group and CBOE also operate exchanges that compete with us. Exchanges also have data and analytics relationships with several market participants, which increasingly put their offerings in direct competition with Tradeweb. 22 Table of Contents • Inter-dealer brokers : We compete with inter-dealer brokers, particularly within our wholesale client sector in products such as MBS, U.S. Treasuries, U.S. repurchase agreements and products traded on Swap Execution Facilities (“SEFs”). Major competitors include TP ICAP, BGC Partners and Tradition. Many of these firms also offer voice, electronic and hybrid trading protocols. As larger, full service inter-dealer brokers have consolidated, numerous boutique firms and alternative electronic start-ups are attempting to capture select markets. • EMS and OMS providers: There are various providers of execution management services (“EMS”) and order management services (“OMS”) that offer direct-to-dealer fully electronic trading solutions as well as aggregation of trading venue liquidity. • Single-bank systems : Major global and regional investment and commercial banks offer institutional clients electronic trade execution through proprietary trading systems. Many of these banks expend considerable resources on product development, sales and support to promote their single-bank systems. • Dealers : Many of the markets in which we operate are still traded through traditional voice-based protocols. Institutional investors have historically purchased fixed-income securities, large blocks of equity securities, or ETFs, or entered into OTC derivative transactions, by telephoning sales professionals at dealers. We face competition from trading conducted over the telephone between dealers and their institutional clients. • Market data and information vendors : Market data and information providers, such as Bloomberg, IDC (now part of ICE) and IHS Markit, have a pervasive presence across the financial trading community. Their data and pre- and post-trade analytics compete with offerings we provide to support trading on our marketplaces. We face intense competition from a broad range of competitors, which we expect to continue to increase in the future. See Part I,

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
components of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin. We use constant currency measures as supplemental metrics to evaluate our underlying performance between periods by removing the impact of foreign currency fluctuations. We believe that providing certain percentage changes on a constant currency basis provides useful comparisons of our performance and trends between periods. 5 Table of Contents We use Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Diluted EPS as supplemental metrics to evaluate our business performance in a way that also considers our ability to generate profit without the impact of certain items. Each of the adjustments described in the definition of Adjusted Net Income helps to provide management with a measure of our operating performance over time by removing items that are not related to day-to-day operations or are non-cash expenses. Free Cash Flow, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted EBIT margin, Adjusted Net Income, Adjusted Diluted EPS and constant currency measures have limitations as analytical tools, and you should not consider such measures either in isolation or as substitutes for analyzing our results as reported under GAAP. Some of these limitations include the following: • Free Cash Flow, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Diluted EPS do not reflect every expenditure, future requirements for capital expenditures or contractual commitments; • Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Diluted EPS do not reflect changes in our working capital needs; • Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBIT do not reflect any interest income or expense, or the amounts necessary to service interest or principal payments on any debt obligations; • Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBIT do not reflect income tax expense, which is a necessary element of our costs and ability to operate; • although depreciation and amortization are eliminated in the calculation of Adjusted EBITDA, and the depreciation and amortization related to acquisitions and the Refinitiv Transaction are eliminated in the calculation of Adjusted EBIT, the assets being depreciated and amortized will often have to be replaced in the future, and Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBIT do not reflect any costs of such replacements; • Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Diluted EPS do not reflect the non-cash component of certain employee stock-based compensation expense and associated payroll taxes; • Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Diluted EPS do not reflect the impact of earnings or charges resulting from matters we consider not to be indicative, on a recurring basis, of our ongoing operations; • constant currency measures do not reflect the impact of foreign currency fluctuations; and • other companies in our industry may calculate Free Cash Flow, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted Net Income, Adjusted Diluted EPS, constant currency measures or similarly titled measures differently than we do, limiting their usefulness as comparative measures. We compensate for these limitations by relying primarily on our GAAP results and using Free Cash Flow, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBIT, Adjusted Net Income, Adjusted Diluted EPS and constant currency measures only as supplemental information. 6 Table of Contents CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). You can generally identify forward-looking statements by our use of forward-looking terminology such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,” “might,” “plan,” “potential,” “predict,” “projection,” “seek,” “should,” “will” or “would,” or the negative thereof or other variations thereon or comparable terminology. In particular, statements about the markets in which we operate, including our expectations about market trends, our market opportunity and the growth of our various markets, our expansion into new markets, any acquisitions, investments or other strategic transactions, any potential tax savings we may realize as a result of our organizational structure, our dividend policy, our share repurchase program and our expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, prospects or assumptions regarding future events, our performance or otherwise, contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including under Part I, Item 1. – “Business,” Part I,

