TICKER: TXMD
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chains related to the third-party contract manufacturers are worse than we anticipate, our existing cash reserves may be insufficient
to satisfy our liquidity requirements. The potential impact of these factors in conjunction with the uncertainty of the capital markets
raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for the next twelve months from the issuance of the financial
statements included in this 2025 10-K Report. The accompanying consolidated financial statements included in this
2025 10-K Report do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if we are unable to continue as a going concern. Portfolio of our royalty-bearing products On December 30, 2022, we changed our business to become a pharmaceutical
royalty company, currently receiving royalties on products licensed to pharmaceutical organizations that possess commercial capabilities
in the relevant territories. On December 30, 2022, we granted an exclusive license to commercialize IMVEXXY, BIJUVA, and prescription
prenatal vitamin products sold under the BocaGreenMD and vitaMedMD brands and assigned our exclusive license to commercialize ANNOVERA
to Mayne Pharma. 4 IMVEXXY (estradiol vaginal inserts), 4-μg and 10-μg This pharmaceutical product is for the treatment of moderate-to-severe
dyspareunia (vaginal pain associated with sexual activity), a symptom of vulvar and vaginal atrophy due to menopause. As part of the
FDA’s approval of IMVEXXY, we committed to conduct a post-approval observational study to evaluate the risk of endometrial cancer
in post-menopausal women with a uterus who use a low-dose vaginal estrogen unopposed by a progestogen. On December 30, 2022, we granted an exclusive license to commercialize
IMVEXXY in the United States and its possessions and territories to Mayne Pharma. We also have entered into licensing agreements with
third parties to market and sell IMVEXXY outside of the U.S. We entered into the Knight License Agreement, with Knight pursuant to which,
we granted Knight an exclusive license to commercialize IMVEXXY in Canada and Israel. We entered into the Theramex License Agreement
with Theramex pursuant to which we granted Theramex an exclusive license to commercialize IMVEXXY for human use outside of the U.S.,
except for Canada and Israel. In December 2024, we transferred the right to commercialize IMVEXXY in Israel from Knight to Theramex. The FDA has also asked the sponsors of other vaginal estrogen products
to participate in the observational study. In connection with the observational study, we would have been required to provide progress
reports to the FDA on an annual basis. The obligation to conduct this study was transferred to Mayne Pharma as part of the Mayne License
Agreement. BIJUVA (estradiol and progesterone) capsules, 1 mg/100 mg This pharmaceutical product is the first and only FDA approved bioidentical
hormone therapy combination of estradiol and progesterone in a single, oral capsule for the treatment of moderate-to-severe vasomotor
symptoms (commonly known as hot flashes or flushes) due to menopause in women with a uterus. On December 30, 2022, we granted an exclusive license to commercialize
BIJUVA in the United States and its possessions and territories to Mayne Pharma. We also have entered into the Knight License Agreement
with Knight pursuant to which we granted Knight an exclusive license to commercialize BIJUVA in Canada and Israel. We have entered into
the Theramex License Agreement with Theramex pursuant to which we granted Theramex an exclusive license to commercialize BIJUVA for human
use outside of the U.S., except for Canada and Israel. In December 2024, we transferred the right to commercialize BIJUVA in Israel from
Knight to Theramex. ANNOVERA (segesterone acetate (“SA”) and ethinyl estradiol
(“EE”) vaginal system) This pharmaceutical product is a one-year ring-shaped contraceptive
vaginal system (“CVS”) and the first and only patient-controlled, procedure-free, reversible prescription contraceptive that
can prevent pregnancy for up to a total of 13 cycles (one year). On December 30, 2022, we assigned our exclusive license to commercialize
ANNOVERA in the United States and its possessions and territories to Mayne Pharma. Prenatal vitamin products On December 30, 2022, we granted an exclusive license to commercialize,
in the United States and its possessions and territories, our prescription prenatal vitamin product lines under our vitaMedMD brand name
and authorized generic formulations of some of our prescription prenatal vitamin products under our BocaGreenMD prenatal name to Mayne
Pharma. 5 Sales concentration Our business model is dependent on third parties achieving specified
milestones and product sales. For information on the concentration of licenses of our products, see “Note 9. Revenue” to the
consolidated financial statements included in this 2025 10-K Report. Currently, the Company collects license revenue from three licensees. Seasonality The pharmaceutical markets in which we license our products are not
subject to seasonal sales fluctuations. However, our license revenues for the first quarter of each year can be negatively affected by
the annual reset of high-deductible commercial insurance plans. Manufacturing of our licensed products As of December 30, 2022, we were no longer responsible for any manufacturing
and have no manufacturing contracts. All manufacturing responsibility of our licensed and assigned products has been transferred to our
licensees. Research and development As of December 30, 2022, we no longer conduct any research and development
activities. Historically, our product development programs were concentrated in advanced hormone therapy pharmaceutical products. Intellectual property Patents and trademarks Our success depends, in part, on our ability to obtain patents, maintain
trade-secret protection, and operate without infringing the proprietary rights of others. Our intellectual property portfolio is one way
we attempt to protect our competitive position. We rely primarily on a combination of know-how, trade secrets, patents, trademarks, and
contractual restrictions to protect our products and to maintain our competitive position. We are diligently seeking ways to protect our
intellectual property through various legal mechanisms in relevant jurisdictions. Where permitted, patents for our hormone therapy drug
products have been submitted to the FDA’s Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations (commonly known as the
Orange Book). As of December 31, 2025, we have many domestic and foreign patents
that cover our licensed products, including many for each of BIJUVA and IMVEXXY that are Orange Book listed for the licensed products. We hold multiple U.S. trademark registrations and have numerous pending
trademark applications. Issuance of a federally registered trademark creates a rebuttable presumption of ownership of the mark; however,
it is subject to challenge by others claiming first use in the mark in some or all the areas in which it is used. Federally registered
trademarks have a perpetual life so long as they are maintained and renewed on a timely basis and used properly as trademarks, subject
to the rights of third parties to seek cancellation of the trademarks if they claim priority or confusion of usage. We believe our patents
and trademarks are valuable and provide us certain benefits in marketing our products. We intend to actively protect our intellectual property with patents,
trademarks, trade secrets, or other legal avenues for the protection of intellectual property and to aggressively prosecute, enforce,
and defend our patents, trademarks, and proprietary technology, including those licensed by Mayne Pharma, Knight and Theramex, with our
licensees to the extent permitted under their respective license agreements. The loss, by expiration or otherwise, of any one patent
may have a material effect on our business. Defense and enforcement of our intellectual property rights can be expensive and time consuming,
even if the outcome is favorable to us. It is possible that the patents issued or licensed to us will be successfully challenged, that
a court may find that we are infringing on validly issued patents of third parties, or that we may have to alter or discontinue the development
of our products or pay licensing fees to account for patent rights of third parties. See “– Pharmaceutical Regulation –
Regulatory Exclusivity” below for information regarding our intellectual property and challenges to that intellectual property. While we seek broad coverage under our patent applications, there
is always a risk that an alteration to the process may provide sufficient basis for a competitor to avoid infringement claims. In addition,
patents expire, and we cannot provide any assurance that any patents will be issued from our pending application or that any potentially
issued patents will adequately protect our intellectual property. 6 Mayne Pharma licensed US patents and trademarks for our commercial
products. Under the terms of the Mayne License Agreement, Mayne Pharma exclusively took over prosecution of our US patent and trademark
portfolio and enforcement of our licensed patents and trademarks. Government regulation In the U.S., the FDA regulates pharmaceuticals, biologics, medical
devices, dietary supplements, and cosmetics under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (“FDCA”) and its implementing regulations.
Although we are not currently engaged in research, development, manufacturing, or commercial distribution activities, the products from
which we derive royalties are also subject to other federal, state, and local statutes and regulations, including federal and state consumer
protection laws, laws regarding pricing transparency, laws requiring the implementation of compliance programs, laws requiring the reporting
of payments or other transfers of value to HCPs or other healthcare professionals, laws governing the financial relationships between
manufacturers and HCPs or other referral sources and industry stakeholders, laws protecting the privacy of health-related information,
laws restricting items and services of value provided to patients, and laws prohibiting unfair and deceptive acts and trade practices.
See also “

--- VENDORS ---
vendors that may violate federal
or state fraud and abuse laws or other applicable requirements. The violations of any of these law or rules may result in penalties
that may force us to expend significant amounts of time and money and may significantly inhibit our licensee’s ability to continue
to market our products and generate revenue. Following the closing of the vitaCare divestiture, we may still be required to indemnify
the buyer of vitaCare in the event any enforcement related to activities prior to the vitaCare divestiture. Similar regulations apply
in foreign jurisdictions. If our dietary supplement , hormone therapy pharmaceutical
products or patient-controlled, long-acting contraceptive products do not have the effects intended or cause undesirable side effects,
our business may suffer. Although many of the ingredients in our dietary supplement products
are vitamins, minerals, and other substances for which there is a long history of human consumption, they also contain innovative ingredients
or combinations of ingredients. Furthermore, our hormone therapy or patient-controlled, long-acting contraceptive pharmaceutical products
have been approved by the FDA based on its assessment of the safety and efficacy of these products. While we believe that all of these
products and the combinations of ingredients in them are safe when taken as directed, the products could have certain undesirable side
effects if not taken as directed or if taken by a consumer who has certain medical conditions. In addition, these products may not have
the effect intended if they are not taken in accordance with certain instructions, which include certain dietary or other labeling restrictions.
Furthermore, the products, even when used as directed, may not have the effects intended or will not have harmful side effects in an unforeseen
way or on an unforeseen cohort. If any of our products are shown to be harmful or generate negative publicity from perceived harmful effects,
our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be harmed significantly. 23 Our products face significant competition from branded and generic
products, and our operating results will suffer if we fail to compete effectively. Development and awareness of our products will depend largely upon
our licensee’s success in increasing the consumer base for our products. The pharmaceutical and dietary supplement industries are
intensely competitive and subject to rapid and significant technological change. Our products face intense competition, including from
major multinational pharmaceutical and dietary supplement companies, established biotechnology companies, specialty pharmaceutical, and
generic drug companies. Many of these companies have greater financial and other resources, such as larger R&D staffs and more experienced
marketing and

--- MANUFACTURING ---
contract manufacturers are worse than we anticipate, our existing cash reserves may be insufficient
to satisfy our liquidity requirements. The potential impact of these factors in conjunction with the uncertainty of the capital markets
raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for the next twelve months from the issuance of the financial
statements included in this 2025 10-K Report. The accompanying consolidated financial statements included in this
2025 10-K Report do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if we are unable to continue as a going concern. Portfolio of our royalty-bearing products On December 30, 2022, we changed our business to become a pharmaceutical
royalty company, currently receiving royalties on products licensed to pharmaceutical organizations that possess commercial capabilities
in the relevant territories. On December 30, 2022, we granted an exclusive license to commercialize IMVEXXY, BIJUVA, and prescription
prenatal vitamin products sold under the BocaGreenMD and vitaMedMD brands and assigned our exclusive license to commercialize ANNOVERA
to Mayne Pharma. 4 IMVEXXY (estradiol vaginal inserts), 4-μg and 10-μg This pharmaceutical product is for the treatment of moderate-to-severe
dyspareunia (vaginal pain associated with sexual activity), a symptom of vulvar and vaginal atrophy due to menopause. As part of the
FDA’s approval of IMVEXXY, we committed to conduct a post-approval observational study to evaluate the risk of endometrial cancer
in post-menopausal women with a uterus who use a low-dose vaginal estrogen unopposed by a progestogen. On December 30, 2022, we granted an exclusive license to commercialize
IMVEXXY in the United States and its possessions and territories to Mayne Pharma. We also have entered into licensing agreements with
third parties to market and sell IMVEXXY outside of the U.S. We entered into the Knight License Agreement, with Knight pursuant to which,
we granted Knight an exclusive license to commercialize IMVEXXY in Canada and Israel. We entered into the Theramex License Agreement
with Theramex pursuant to which we granted Theramex an exclusive license to commercialize IMVEXXY for human use outside of the U.S.,
except for Canada and Israel. In December 2024, we transferred the right to commercialize IMVEXXY in Israel from Knight to Theramex. The FDA has also asked the sponsors of other vaginal estrogen products
to participate in the observational study. In connection with the observational study, we would have been required to provide progress
reports to the FDA on an annual basis. The obligation to conduct this study was transferred to Mayne Pharma as part of the Mayne License
Agreement. BIJUVA (estradiol and progesterone) capsules, 1 mg/100 mg This pharmaceutical product is the first and only FDA approved bioidentical
hormone therapy combination of estradiol and progesterone in a single, oral capsule for the treatment of moderate-to-severe vasomotor
symptoms (commonly known as hot flashes or flushes) due to menopause in women with a uterus. On December 30, 2022, we granted an exclusive license to commercialize
BIJUVA in the United States and its possessions and territories to Mayne Pharma. We also have entered into the Knight License Agreement
with Knight pursuant to which we granted Knight an exclusive license to commercialize BIJUVA in Canada and Israel. We have entered into
the Theramex License Agreement with Theramex pursuant to which we granted Theramex an exclusive license to commercialize BIJUVA for human
use outside of the U.S., except for Canada and Israel. In December 2024, we transferred the right to commercialize BIJUVA in Israel from
Knight to Theramex. ANNOVERA (segesterone acetate (“SA”) and ethinyl estradiol
(“EE”) vaginal system) This pharmaceutical product is a one-year ring-shaped contraceptive
vaginal system (“CVS”) and the first and only patient-controlled, procedure-free, reversible prescription contraceptive that
can prevent pregnancy for up to a total of 13 cycles (one year). On December 30, 2022, we assigned our exclusive license to commercialize
ANNOVERA in the United States and its possessions and territories to Mayne Pharma. Prenatal vitamin products On December 30, 2022, we granted an exclusive license to commercialize,
in the United States and its possessions and territories, our prescription prenatal vitamin product lines under our vitaMedMD brand name
and authorized generic formulations of some of our prescription prenatal vitamin products under our BocaGreenMD prenatal name to Mayne
Pharma. 5 Sales concentration Our business model is dependent on third parties achieving specified
milestones and product sales. For information on the concentration of licenses of our products, see “Note 9. Revenue” to the
consolidated financial statements included in this 2025 10-K Report. Currently, the Company collects license revenue from three licensees. Seasonality The pharmaceutical markets in which we license our products are not
subject to seasonal sales fluctuations. However, our license revenues for the first quarter of each year can be negatively affected by
the annual reset of high-deductible commercial insurance plans. Manufacturing of our licensed products As of December 30, 2022, we were no longer responsible for any manufacturing
and have no manufacturing contracts. All manufacturing responsibility of our licensed and assigned products has been transferred to our
licensees. Research and development As of December 30, 2022, we no longer conduct any research and development
activities. Historically, our product development programs were concentrated in advanced hormone therapy pharmaceutical products. Intellectual property Patents and trademarks Our success depends, in part, on our ability to obtain patents, maintain
trade-secret protection, and operate without infringing the proprietary rights of others. Our intellectual property portfolio is one way
we attempt to protect our competitive position. We rely primarily on a combination of know-how, trade secrets, patents, trademarks, and
contractual restrictions to protect our products and to maintain our competitive position. We are diligently seeking ways to protect our
intellectual property through various legal mechanisms in relevant jurisdictions. Where permitted, patents for our hormone therapy drug
products have been submitted to the FDA’s Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations (commonly known as the
Orange Book). As of December 31, 2025, we have many domestic and foreign patents
that cover our licensed products, including many for each of BIJUVA and IMVEXXY that are Orange Book listed for the licensed products. We hold multiple U.S. trademark registrations and have numerous pending
trademark applications. Issuance of a federally registered trademark creates a rebuttable presumption of ownership of the mark; however,
it is subject to challenge by others claiming first use in the mark in some or all the areas in which it is used. Federally registered
trademarks have a perpetual life so long as they are maintained and renewed on a timely basis and used properly as trademarks, subject
to the rights of third parties to seek cancellation of the trademarks if they claim priority or confusion of usage. We believe our patents
and trademarks are valuable and provide us certain benefits in marketing our products. We intend to actively protect our intellectual property with patents,
trademarks, trade secrets, or other legal avenues for the protection of intellectual property and to aggressively prosecute, enforce,
and defend our patents, trademarks, and proprietary technology, including those licensed by Mayne Pharma, Knight and Theramex, with our
licensees to the extent permitted under their respective license agreements. The loss, by expiration or otherwise, of any one patent
may have a material effect on our business. Defense and enforcement of our intellectual property rights can be expensive and time consuming,
even if the outcome is favorable to us. It is possible that the patents issued or licensed to us will be successfully challenged, that
a court may find that we are infringing on validly issued patents of third parties, or that we may have to alter or discontinue the development
of our products or pay licensing fees to account for patent rights of third parties. See “– Pharmaceutical Regulation –
Regulatory Exclusivity” below for information regarding our intellectual property and challenges to that intellectual property. While we seek broad coverage under our patent applications, there
is always a risk that an alteration to the process may provide sufficient basis for a competitor to avoid infringement claims. In addition,
patents expire, and we cannot provide any assurance that any patents will be issued from our pending application or that any potentially
issued patents will adequately protect our intellectual property. 6 Mayne Pharma licensed US patents and trademarks for our commercial
products. Under the terms of the Mayne License Agreement, Mayne Pharma exclusively took over prosecution of our US patent and trademark
portfolio and enforcement of our licensed patents and trademarks. Government regulation In the U.S., the FDA regulates pharmaceuticals, biologics, medical
devices, dietary supplements, and cosmetics under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (“FDCA”) and its implementing regulations.
Although we are not currently engaged in research, development, manufacturing, or commercial distribution activities, the products from
which we derive royalties are also subject to other federal, state, and local statutes and regulations, including federal and state consumer
protection laws, laws regarding pricing transparency, laws requiring the implementation of compliance programs, laws requiring the reporting
of payments or other transfers of value to HCPs or other healthcare professionals, laws governing the financial relationships between
manufacturers and HCPs or other referral sources and industry stakeholders, laws protecting the privacy of health-related information,
laws restricting items and services of value provided to patients, and laws prohibiting unfair and deceptive acts and trade practices.
See also “

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials for ANNOVERA being out of specification. If any of the third-party CMOs of our products or any suppliers of raw materials
or API experience further difficulties, do not comply with the terms of their agreements, or do not devote sufficient time, energy, and
care to providing our manufacturing needs, or if any manufacturing specification modifications that we or Mayne Pharma have requested
are not approved by the FDA, we could experience additional interruptions in the supply of our products, which may have a material adverse
impact on our revenue, results of operations, and financial position. Our licensees may not have long-term contracts for the supply of all
the API used in BIJUVA, and ANNOVERA. If any supplier of the API or other products used in our products experiences any significant difficulties
in its respective manufacturing processes, chooses to cease supplying, or does not devote sufficient time, energy, and care to providing
our manufacturing needs, we could experience significant interruptions in the supply of our products, which could impair our licensee’s
ability to supply our products at the levels required for commercialization and prevent or delay their successful commercialization. 15 The commercial success of our existing products will depend
upon gaining and retaining significant market acceptance of these products among physicians and payers. Physicians may not prescribe our products, which would prevent us
from generating revenue or becoming profitable. Market acceptance of our products, including our hormone therapy pharmaceutical products
and patient-controlled, long-acting contraceptive, by physicians, patients, and payers, will depend on a number of factors, many of which
are beyond our control, including the following: ● the clinical indications for which our hormone therapy
    pharmaceutical products and patient-controlled, long-acting contraceptive are approved; ● acceptance by physicians and payers of each product
    as a safe and effective treatment; ● the cost of treatment in relation to alternative treatments,
    including numerous generic pharmaceutical products; ● the relative convenience and ease of administration
    of our products in the treatment of the symptoms for which they are intended; ● the availability and efficacy of competitive drugs
    and devices; ● the effectiveness of our licensee’s sales force
    and marketing efforts; ● the extent to which the product is approved for inclusion
    on formularies of hospitals and managed care organizations, including any access barriers such as prior authorizations and step-edits; ● the availability of coverage and adequate reimbursement
    by third parties, such as insurance companies and other healthcare payers, or by government healthcare programs, including Medicare
    and Medicaid; ● limitations or warnings contained in a product’s
    FDA-approved labeling; and ● prevalence and severity of adverse side effects. Even if the medical community accepts that our products are safe and
effective for their approved indications, physicians may not immediately be receptive to their use or may be slow to adopt our products
as an accepted treatment for the symptoms for which they are intended. Labeling approved by the FDA may not permit our licensees to promote
our products as being superior to competing products, because the FDA applies a heightened level of scrutiny to comparative claims when
applying its statutory standards for advertising and promotion, including with regard to its requirements for supporting data and that
promotional labeling be truthful and not misleading, and there is potential for differing interpretations of whether certain communications
are consistent with a product’s FDA-required labeling. If our products do not achieve an adequate level of acceptance by physicians
and payers, we may not generate sufficient or any revenue from royalties related to sales of these products. In addition, the efforts
of our licensees to educate the medical community and third-party payers on the benefits of our products may require significant resources
and may never be successful. Coverage and reimbursement may not be available for our products,
which could make it difficult for our licensees to sell our products profitably. Market acceptance and sales of our products, including IMVEXXY, BIJUVA,
and ANNOVERA, and our prescription vitamins, will depend on coverage and reimbursement policies and may be affected by healthcare reform
measures. Government healthcare programs and third-party payers decide which prescription pharmaceutical products they will pay for and
establish reimbursement levels. Payers generally do not cover OTC products, and coverage for prescription vitamins and dietary supplements
varies. Many private third-party payers, such as managed care plans, manage access to pharmaceutical products’ coverage partly
to control costs to their plans, and may use drug formularies and medical policies to limit their exposure. Factors considered by these
payers include product efficacy, cost effectiveness, and safety, as well as the availability of other treatments including generic prescription
drugs. The ability to commercialize IMVEXXY, BIJUVA, and ANNOVERA successfully depends on coverage and reimbursement levels set by government
healthcare programs and third-party private payers. Obtaining and maintaining favorable reimbursement can be a time-consuming and expensive
process, and our licensees may not be able to negotiate or continue to negotiate reimbursement or pricing terms for our products with
payers at levels that are profitable to them, or at all. 16 In both the U.S. and some foreign jurisdictions, there have been several
legislative and regulatory proposals to change the healthcare system in ways that could affect our licensees’ ability to sell our
products profitably. Payment or reimbursement of prescription drugs by Medicaid or Medicare requires manufacturers of the drugs to submit
pricing information to CMS. The Medicaid Drug Rebate statute requires manufacturers to calculate and report price points, which are used
to determine Medicaid rebate payments shared between the states and the federal government and Medicaid payment rates for the drug. For
drugs paid under Medicare Part B, manufacturers must also calculate and report their Average Sales Price (“ASP”), which is
used to determine the Medicare Part B payment rate for the drug. The federal government sets general guidelines for Medicaid and requires
rebates on outpatient drugs. Each state creates specific regulations that govern its individual program, including supplemental rebate
programs that prioritize coverage for drugs on the state Preferred Drug List. In the United States, private health insurers and other
third-party payers often provide reimbursement for products and services based on the level at which the government provides reimbursement
through the Medicare or Medicaid programs for such products and services. In addition, government programs like Medicaid include substantial
penalties for increasing commercial prices over the rate of inflation which can affect realization and return on investment. The cost
of pharmaceuticals continues to generate substantial governmental and third-party payer interest and states have begun to take action
to increase transparency in drug pricing through mandatory reporting requirements. The pharmaceutical industry and our licensees may
experience pricing pressures in connection with the sale of our products generally due to the trend toward managed healthcare, the increasing
influence of health maintenance organizations, the scrutiny of pharmaceutical pricing, the ongoing debates on reducing government spending
and additional legislative proposals. We cannot predict whether new proposals will be made or adopted, when they may be adopted, or what
impact they may have on us if they are adopted. Our results of operations could be adversely affected by current and future healthcare
reforms. While we cannot predict whether any proposed cost-containment measures will be adopted or otherwise implemented in the future,
any such cost-reduction initiatives could decrease the coverage and price that our licensees receive for our products from Medicare,
if any, including IMVEXXY, BIJUVA, and ANNOVERA, and could significantly harm our business. The ability of our licensees to commercialize ANNOVERA depends on coverage
and reimbursement levels set by government healthcare programs and third-party private payers. Despite our licensees’ coverage with
commercial payers, there is no guarantee that our licensees will be able to retain ours or their agreements or obtain new agreements,
or that they will be able to negotiate favorable reimbursement or pricing terms for our products in the future. Healthcare reform implementation,
additional legislation or regulations, and other changes in government policy or regulation may affect our licensees’ reimbursement
or impose additional coverage limitations and/or cost-sharing obligations on patients, any of which could have an adverse effect on coverage
and reimbursement of our products, and our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be harmed. The availability of generic products at lower prices than branded
products may substantially reduce the likelihood of reimbursement for branded products, such as IMVEXXY, BIJUVA, and ANNOVERA. If our licensees fail to successfully secure and maintain adequate
coverage and reimbursement for our products or are significantly delayed in doing so, they could have difficulty achieving market acceptance
of our products and our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be harmed. Our revenue, results of operations and financial position could
be affected by our ongoing disputes with Mayne Pharma. We and Mayne Pharma are disputing the allowance calculation for payer
rebates and wholesale distributor fees pursuant to the Mayne Transaction Agreement. In February 2024, Mayne Pharma provided us with calculations
that significantly differed from our estimates. In August 2024 and February 2025, Mayne Pharma provided additional information relating
to the net working capital allowance for returns that we believe also differs significantly from our estimates. On April 8, 2025, we filed the Mayne Lawsuit seeking damages for breach
of contract, breach of implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, fraudulent inducement and unjust enrichment. On May 30, 2025,
Mayne Pharma filed the Mayne Countersuit against us, seeking damages for breach of contract, fraudulent inducement and indemnification. We intend to resolve this matter, but the outcome of the Mayne Lawsuits
is uncertain. If the court determines that amounts are owed to Mayne Pharma in excess of our estimates, or if Mayne Pharma is permitted
to offset any alleged obligations against royalties otherwise payable to us, our revenue, results of operations and financial condition
could be materially adversely affected. In addition, the Mayne Lawsuits may damage our relationship with Mayne Pharma, which could further
impair our ability to enforce our contractual rights and cooperate in the ongoing operation of the Mayne License Agreement. Unfavorable global economic conditions could harm our business,
financial condition or results of operations. Our results of operations could be harmed by general conditions in
the global economy and in the global financial markets. A severe or prolonged economic downturn, including the impact of increased interest
rates, the imposition of tariffs and inflation, could result in a variety of risks to our business, including our ability to raise additional
capital when needed on acceptable terms, if at all. For example, the current U.S. administration has taken action, and may take action
in the future, with respect to major changes to trade policies, such as the imposition of tariffs on imported products and the withdrawal
from or renegotiation of certain trade agreements. New or increased tariffs or other material changes in trade policies could increase
costs in the pharmaceutical supply chain, including costs incurred by our licensees in manufacturing or distributing our licensed products.
Any such increased costs or supply disruptions could adversely affect sales of our licensed products and reduce the royalties we receive.
The foregoing could harm our business, and we cannot anticipate all the ways in which unfavorable economic conditions and financial market
conditions could harm our business. 17 We sublease our properties, which could expose us to possible
liabilities and losses . We sublease our former headquarters to third parties. In the event
that we are unable to sublease our properties on favorable terms, or at all, or if we are able to sublease our properties but our subtenants
fail to make lease payments to us or otherwise default on their obligations to us, we could incur unanticipated payment obligations.
Our lease agreements may also expose us to liabilities, such as rent escalations, maintenance obligations, termination rights, or indemnification
claims, that may negatively affect our operations and profitability. Licensing of intellectual property involves complex legal, business,
and scientific issues, and disputes could jeopardize our rights under such agreements. We are currently and may in the future be a party to license agreements
of importance to our business and to our products. Disputes have and may continue to arise between us and any of these counterparties
regarding intellectual property subject to and each parties’ obligations under such agreements, including: ● the scope of rights granted under the agreement and
    other interpretation-related issues; ● our or our licensees’ obligations to make milestone,
    royalty, or other payments under those agreements, or the amount of any such payments; ● our or our licensees’ obligations to prosecute
    existing and new patent applications; ● our or our licensees’ obligations to enforce
    infringement of our intellectual property; ● whether and the extent to which the ANNOVERA technology
    and processes infringe on intellectual property of the Population Council that is not subject to the ANNOVERA license agreement; ● the ownership of inventions and know-how arising under
    the agreement or resulting from the joint creation or use of intellectual property by our licensees and us and our partners; ● our right, or the right of our licensees, to transfer
    or assign the license; and ● the effects of termination. These or other disputes over our obligations, our licensees’
obligations, or intellectual property that we have licensed may prevent or impair our ability to maintain our current arrangements on
acceptable terms, or may impair the value of the arrangement to us. Any such dispute could have an adverse effect on our business. In July 2018, we entered into the Population Council License Agreement
to obtain exclusive U.S. rights to commercialize ANNOVERA. The agreement required us to commercialize this product and enter into certain
manufacturing agreements, make timely milestone and other payments, provide certain information regarding our activities under the agreement,
and indemnify the other party with respect to our development and commercialization activities under the terms of the agreements. The
Company’s license under the Population Council License Agreement was sold to Mayne Pharma as part of the Mayne Transaction. 18 If Mayne Pharma, with respect to the ANNOVERA license agreement that
we have assigned to Mayne Pharma, fails to meet obligations under that license agreement in a material respect, the Population Council
could have the right to terminate the agreement and upon the effective date of such termination, have the right to re-obtain the related
technology as well as, potentially, aspects of any intellectual property controlled by Mayne Pharma and developed during the period the
agreement was in force that relate to the applicable technology. This means that Population Council could effectively take control of
the development and commercialization of ANNOVERA after an uncured, material breach of the agreement by us or Mayne Pharma. Any uncured,
material breach under a license agreement could result in our loss of exclusive rights and may lead to a complete termination of any
commercialization efforts for the applicable product. In connection with the Mayne Transaction, we granted a license to
Mayne Pharma (i) to research, develop, register, manufacture, have manufactured, market, sell, use, and commercialize the Licensed Products
in the United States and its possessions and territories and (ii) to manufacture, have manufactured, import and have imported the Licensed
Products outside the United States for commercialization in the United States and its possessions and territories. Any disputes arising
under the agreements governing the Mayne Transaction may have a material adverse impact on our revenue, results of operations and financial
position. We have also entered into licensing and supply agreements with Knight
pursuant to which we granted Knight an exclusive license to commercialize IMVEXXY and BIJUVA in Canada and with Theramex pursuant to
which we granted Theramex an exclusive license to commercialize BIJUVA, and IMVEXXY outside of the U.S., except for Canada. Sales of our products in the U.S. and our rights to receive royalties
with respect to such sales could be adversely affected if products manufactured outside of the U.S. or for sale outside of the U.S. under
the terms of these licensing and supply agreements are reimported and sold in the U.S. In addition, our rights to receive royalties with
respect to our products sold outside the U.S. could be adversely affected if our licensees fail to diligently pursue approval of our
products, or opt not to sell our products, in certain jurisdictions where they are not required to do so. We maintain our cash at financial institutions, often in balances
that exceed federally insured limits. All our cash is held in accounts at U.S. banking institutions that
we believe are of high quality. Cash held in depository accounts may exceed the $250 thousand Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (“FDIC”)
insurance limits. If such banking institutions were to fail, we could lose all or a portion of those amounts held in excess of such insurance
limitations. In the future, our access to our cash in amounts adequate to finance our operations could be significantly impaired by the
financial institutions with which we have arrangements directly facing liquidity constraints or failures. Any material loss that we may
experience in the future could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and could materially impact our ability to pay
our operational expenses or make other payments. Our products and our licensees are subject to extensive and
costly government regulation. Our products are subject to extensive and rigorous domestic government
regulation, including regulation by the FDA, the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (“CMS”), other divisions of
the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, including its Office of Inspector General (“OIG”), the U.S. Department
of Justice (“DOJ”), the Departments of Defense and Veterans Affairs, to the extent our products are paid for directly or
indirectly by those departments, state and local governments, and their respective foreign equivalents. The FDA regulates dietary supplements,
cosmetics, and drugs under different regulatory schemes. For example, the FDA regulates the processing, formulation, safety, manufacturing,
packaging, labeling, and distribution of dietary supplements and cosmetics under its dietary supplement and cosmetic authority, respectively.
The FDA also regulates the research, development, pre-clinical and clinical testing, manufacture, safety, effectiveness, record keeping,
reporting, labeling, storage, approval, advertising, promotion, sale, distribution, import, and export of pharmaceutical products under
various regulatory provisions. If any of our products are marketed abroad, they will also be subject to extensive regulation by foreign
governments, whether or not we have obtained FDA approval for a given product and its uses. Such foreign regulation may be equally or
more demanding than corresponding U.S. regulation. 19 We and our licensees are also subject to additional healthcare regulation
and enforcement by the federal government and the states in which we conduct our business. Applicable federal and state healthcare laws
and regulations include the following: ● The federal Anti-Kickback Statute (“AKS”) ● The Civil Monetary Penalties Law (“CMPL”) ● The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability
    Act of 1996 (“HIPAA”) ● HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology
    for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009 (“HITECH”) ● Section 5(a) of the Federal Trade Commission Act ● The Physician Payments Sunshine Act ● Analogous state laws and regulations Many aspects of these laws have not been definitively interpreted
by the regulatory authorities or the courts, and their provisions are open to a variety of subjective interpretations that increases
the risk of potential violations. In addition, these laws and their interpretations are subject to change. Many state laws differ from
each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by federal laws, thus complicating compliance efforts. Moreover, the number
and complexity of both federal and state laws continues to increase, and additional governmental resources are being used to enforce
these laws and to prosecute companies and individuals who are believed to be violating them. We anticipate that government scrutiny of
pharmaceutical sales and marketing practices will continue for the foreseeable future and subject us to the risk of government investigations
and enforcement actions. For example, federal enforcement agencies recently have shown interest in pharmaceutical companies’ product
and patient assistance programs, including manufacturer reimbursement support services and relationships with specialty pharmacies. Some
of these investigations have resulted in significant civil and criminal settlements. Efforts to ensure that our operations, including our business arrangements
with third parties including our licensees, comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations could be costly. Although effective
compliance programs can help mitigate the risk of investigation, regulatory and enforcement actions, and prosecution for violations of
these laws, the risks cannot be entirely eliminated. Moreover, achieving and sustaining compliance with applicable federal and state
fraud, privacy, security, and reporting laws may prove costly. We cannot guarantee that a government agency will agree with our interpretations,
and it is possible that an enforcement authority may find or we may discover that one or more of our business practices may not comply.
If our past or present operations, including activities conducted by our sales team or agents, are found to be in violation of any of
these laws or any other governmental regulations that may apply to us, we may be subject to significant civil, criminal, and administrative
penalties, damages, fines, and exclusion from government healthcare programs. Any action against us for violation of these laws, even
if we successfully defend against it, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses, divert our management’s attention from
the operation of our business, and damage our reputation. In addition, even if we are not determined to have violated these laws, government
investigations into these issues typically require the expenditure of significant resources and generate negative publicity, and could
result in related stockholder suits, any of which could also have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. In addition, from time to time in the future, we or our licensees
may become subject to additional laws or regulations issued by federal or state agencies, all of which are subject to influence resulting
from changes in political party control. We are uncertain of the impact or outcome of new legislation, regulation, Executive Orders,
rescission of rules and policy statements, or new agency priorities, especially any relative impact on the healthcare regulatory and
policy landscape, or the impact they may have on our business. Such developments could, however, require reformulation of certain
products to meet new standards, recalls or discontinuance of certain products not able to be reformulated, additional record-keeping
requirements, increased documentation of the properties of certain products, additional or different labeling, additional scientific
substantiation, additional personnel, or other new requirements. Any such developments could have an adverse effect on our business. Current or future legislation or regulations may adversely affect
reimbursement from government healthcare programs and third-party payers. There have been significant efforts by government officials and legislators
to implement changes in healthcare systems to regulate prices or payment for pharmaceutical products, including legislation on drug importation,
which could adversely affect our royalty revenues. Federal and state laws have put considerable pressure on the pricing of pharmaceutical
products, and additional reforms may further constrain pricing, reimbursement and access. 20 In August 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (“IRA”)
was signed into law. Among other things, the IRA requires manufacturers of certain drugs to engage in price negotiations with Medicare
(beginning in 2026), with prices that can be negotiated subject to a cap, and establishes monetary penalties for manufacturers that do
not comply. The IRA also requires manufacturers to pay rebates to Medicare if the prices of certain drugs outpace inflation (first due
in 2023), and it replaces the Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program with a new discounting program (beginning in 2025). Further.
the IRA permits the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services (“HHS”) to implement certain of these provisions
through guidance, as opposed to regulation, for the initial years and significant aspects of the law remain subject to ongoing regulatory
implementation and legal challenges. Additionally, in April 2025, an executive order was signed directing
the Secretary of HHS to take appropriate steps to, among other things, modify certain provisions of the Medicare Drug Price Negotiation
Program, and develop and implement a payment model to reduce the price of high-cost prescription drugs and biological products covered
by Medicare. In May 2025, a further executive order was signed directing the Secretary of HHS to propose rules that impose “most-favored-nation”
pricing and to take other measures to reduce the cost of prescription drugs. It is currently unclear whether and to what extent these
measures will be implemented and what impact any such implementation would have on our business. Although we do not directly commercialize pharmaceutical products,
our royalty revenues are based on the net sales of products commercialized by our licensees, and the IRA’s drug pricing and rebate
provisions could reduce the prices that may be charged for certain products or increase mandatory rebates and discounts owed by manufacturers.
To the extent our licensed products are or become subject to Medicare price negotiations, inflation-based rebates, Medicare Part D manufacturer
discounts or other pricing constraints, our licensees’ net sales of such products may be reduced. Because our royalty revenues are
based on a percentage of net sales, any reduction in pricing, increased rebates or discounts, or other limitations on reimbursement could
materially reduce the royalty payments we receive. We are unable to predict the future course of federal or state healthcare
legislation in the United States directed at broadening the availability of healthcare and containing or lowering the cost of healthcare.
The ACA, the IRA and any further changes in the law or regulatory framework, including additional drug pricing reform measures, could
also have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Further, if a federal government shutdown were to occur for a prolonged
period, federal government payment obligations, including its obligations under Medicaid and Medicare, may be delayed. Similarly, if state
government shutdowns were to occur, state payment obligations may be delayed. If the federal or state governments fail to make payments
under these programs on a timely basis, the ability of our licensees to sell our products to government payers may be limited, thereby
reducing anticipated net sales and royalty revenues. Time and costs associated with winding down our general and administrative,
commercial, and research and development activities may be significant. There are significant costs associated with winding down our normal
historic operations, such as separation of employees, termination of contracts and engagement of external consultants, all of which have
and, in the future, will reduce our cash resources and take up large portions of our employees’ and consultants’ time. We
have received certain invoices related to our historic operations that we are currently disputing. Our accruals related to such invoices
reflect the amount we believe we will be responsible for based on the current information we have. Any litigation related to such disputes
or to the winding down of our operations, as well as any unforeseen liabilities related to the same, could have a material impact on our
business, growth, financial conditions, results of operations and cash flows. There is no guarantee that our cash and cash equivalents
on hand at any given time will be enough to cover our liabilities associated with winding down our historic operations. Even after the approval of IMVEXXY, BIJUVA, and ANNOVERA, the
products and the holder of the marketing authorizations will still face extensive, ongoing regulatory requirements and review, and the
products may face future development and regulatory difficulties. With respect to IMVEXXY, BIJUVA, and ANNOVERA, the FDA may still impose
significant restrictions on a product’s indicated uses or marketing or to the conditions for approval or impose ongoing requirements
for potentially costly post-approval studies, including phase 4 clinical trials or post-market surveillance. As a condition to granting
marketing approval of a product, the FDA may require additional clinical trials. The results generated in these post-approval clinical
trials could result in loss of marketing approval, changes in product labeling, or new or increased concerns about side effects or efficacy
of a product. For example, the labeling for IMVEXXY, BIJUVA, and ANNOVERA contains restrictions on use and warnings. The Food and Drug
Administration Amendments Act of 2007 gives the FDA enhanced post-market authority, including the imposition of a Risk Evaluation and
Mitigation Strategy (“REMS”) as well as explicit authority to require post-market studies and clinical trials, labeling changes
based on new safety information, and compliance with FDA-approved REMS programs. IMVEXXY, BIJUVA, and ANNOVERA will also be subject to
ongoing FDA requirements governing the manufacturing, labeling, packaging, storage, distribution, safety surveillance and reporting,
advertising, promotion, record keeping, and reporting of safety and other post-market information. The FDA’s exercise of its authority
could result in delays or increased costs during product development, clinical trials and regulatory review, increased costs to comply
with additional post-approval regulatory requirements, and potential restrictions on sales of approved products. Foreign regulatory agencies
often have similar authority and may impose comparable requirements. 21 As part of the FDA’s approval of IMVEXXY, we committed to conduct
a post-approval observational study to evaluate the risk of endometrial cancer in post-menopausal women with a uterus who use a low-dose
vaginal estrogen unopposed by a progestogen such as IMVEXXY, which study was assumed by Mayne Pharma as the holder of the NDA. As part
of the FDA’s approval of ANNOVERA, the FDA has required four non-closed post-marketing studies, including both post-marketing reviews
and post-marketing commitments. Each study has a timeline for completion and submission of a final report to the FDA. If a post-approval
study is not fulfilled according to FDA requirements, the FDA may impose certain further requirements and penalties against the holder
of the NDA, which could include withdrawal of the NDA approval and withdrawal of the product from the market. For ANNOVERA, post marketing
studies are being performed by the Population Council and Mayne Pharma as the NDA holder. In July 2021, we received a letter from the
FDA indicating that the post-marketing commitment study being conducted by the Population Council for ANNOVERA to characterize the in
vivo release rate of ANNOVERA was not fulfilled to FDA’s satisfaction. In addition, the final reports for the two post-marketing
requirement studies being performed by the Population Council for ANNOVERA were not submitted by the initial listed submission deadline,
which deadlines have since been extended by FDA. To the extent that Mayne Pharma or the Population Council, as applicable, does not fulfil
these studies to the FDA’s satisfaction, the ability of our licensees to sell the applicable product may be limited and there may
be an adverse impact on our revenue and results of operations. Post-marketing studies, whether conducted by us or by others and whether
mandated by regulatory agencies or voluntary, and other emerging data about marketed products, such as adverse event reports, may also
adversely affect sales of our pharmaceutical product candidates once approved, and potentially our other marketed products. Further,
the discovery of significant problems with a product similar to one of our products that implicate (or are perceived to implicate) an
entire class of products could have an adverse effect on sales of our approved products. Accordingly, new data about our products could
negatively affect demand because of real or perceived side effects or uncertainty regarding efficacy and, in some cases, could result
in product withdrawal or recall. Furthermore, new data and information, including information about product misuse, may lead government
agencies, professional societies, and practice management groups or organizations involved with various diseases to publish guidelines
or recommendations related to the use of our products or the use of related therapies or place restrictions on sales. Such guidelines
or recommendations may lead to lower sales of our products. Manufacturers of pharmaceutical products and their facilities are
subject to continual review and periodic inspections by the FDA and other regulatory authorities for compliance with the FDA’s
cGMP regulations and other regulatory requirements, such as adverse event reporting. Facilities for the manufacturer of pharmaceutical
products also undergo internal audits as well as external audits by third parties. If our licensees or a regulatory agency discovers
problems with a product, such as adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency or problems with the facility where the product
is manufactured, a regulatory agency may impose restrictions on that product, the manufacturing facility, or our licensees, including
requiring recall or withdrawal of the product from the market or suspension of manufacturing, requiring new warnings or other labeling
changes to limit use of the drug, requiring that additional clinical trials be conducted, imposing new monitoring requirements, or requiring
the establishment of a REMS program. Advertising and promotional materials must comply with FDA rules in addition to other potentially
applicable federal and state laws and are subject to review by FDA. If the FDA raises concerns regarding our licensees’ promotional
materials or messages, they may be required to modify or discontinue using them and may be required to provide corrective information. Commercial products must now meet the requirements of the Drug Supply
Chain Security Act (“DSCSA”) which imposes obligations on manufacturers of prescription pharmaceutical products for commercial
distribution, regulating the distribution of the products at the federal level, and sets certain standards for federal or state registration
and compliance of entities in the supply chain (manufacturers and re-packagers, wholesale distributors, third-party logistics providers,
and dispensers). The DSCSA preempts previously enacted state pedigree laws and the pedigree requirements of the Prescription Drug Marketing
Act (“PDMA”) and its implementing regulations. Trading partners within the drug supply chain must now ensure certain product
tracing requirements are met that they are doing business with other authorized trading partners; and they are required to exchange transaction
information, transaction history, and transaction statements. Product identifier information (an aspect of the product tracing scheme)
is also now required. The DSCSA requirements, development of standards, and the system for product tracing have been and will continue
to be phased in over a period of years. The distribution of product samples continues to be regulated under the PDMA, and some states
also impose regulations on drug sample distribution. 22 Our activities and the activities of our licensees are also potentially
subject to federal and state consumer protection and unfair competition laws. If we, our licensees or our third-party suppliers fail
to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, a regulatory agency may take any of the following actions: ● conduct an investigation into our or our licensees’
    practices and any alleged violation of law; ● seek an injunction or impose civil or criminal penalties
    or monetary fines; ● suspend or withdraw regulatory approval; ● suspend or impose restrictions on our licensees’
    operations, including costly new manufacturing requirements; ● seize or detain products, refuse to permit the import
    or export of products, or require our licensees to initiate a product recall; or ● exclude our licensees from providing our products to
    those participating in government healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and refuse to allow our licensees to enter
    into supply contracts, including government contracts. Government authorities continue to pursue actions against pharmaceutical
companies for violations of fraud, abuse and other laws. The federal government has pursued actions against pharmaceutical
companies for violations of fraud, abuse, and other laws, including, but not limited to the AKS, False Claims Act, FDCA, HIPAA, HITECH,
Ryan Haight Act, and others, including marketing and promotional compliance programs or codes of conduct, and law or rules requiring
reporting of commercial activities. Ours or our licensee’s compliance controls, policies, and procedures
may not be sufficient to protect against acts of ours or their employees, business partners, licenses, or vendors that may violate federal
or state fraud and abuse laws or other applicable requirements. The violations of any of these law or rules may result in penalties
that may force us to expend significant amounts of time and money and may significantly inhibit our licensee’s ability to continue
to market our products and generate revenue. Following the closing of the vitaCare divestiture, we may still be required to indemnify
the buyer of vitaCare in the event any enforcement related to activities prior to the vitaCare divestiture. Similar regulations apply
in foreign jurisdictions. If our dietary supplement , hormone therapy pharmaceutical
products or patient-controlled, long-acting contraceptive products do not have the effects intended or cause undesirable side effects,
our business may suffer. Although many of the ingredients in our dietary supplement products
are vitamins, minerals, and other substances for which there is a long history of human consumption, they also contain innovative ingredients
or combinations of ingredients. Furthermore, our hormone therapy or patient-controlled, long-acting contraceptive pharmaceutical products
have been approved by the FDA based on its assessment of the safety and efficacy of these products. While we believe that all of these
products and the combinations of ingredients in them are safe when taken as directed, the products could have certain undesirable side
effects if not taken as directed or if taken by a consumer who has certain medical conditions. In addition, these products may not have
the effect intended if they are not taken in accordance with certain instructions, which include certain dietary or other labeling restrictions.
Furthermore, the products, even when used as directed, may not have the effects intended or will not have harmful side effects in an unforeseen
way or on an unforeseen cohort. If any of our products are shown to be harmful or generate negative publicity from perceived harmful effects,
our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be harmed significantly. 23 Our products face significant competition from branded and generic
products, and our operating results will suffer if we fail to compete effectively. Development and awareness of our products will depend largely upon
our licensee’s success in increasing the consumer base for our products. The pharmaceutical and dietary supplement industries are
intensely competitive and subject to rapid and significant technological change. Our products face intense competition, including from
major multinational pharmaceutical and dietary supplement companies, established biotechnology companies, specialty pharmaceutical, and
generic drug companies. Many of these companies have greater financial and other resources, such as larger R&D staffs and more experienced
marketing and manufacturing organizations. As a result, these companies may obtain regulatory approval more rapidly and may be more effective
in selling and marketing their products. They also may invest heavily to accelerate discovery and development of novel compounds or to
in-license novel compounds that could make the products that we sell or develop obsolete. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove
to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large, established companies. If our licensees are
unable to economically promote or maintain our brand, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be severely harmed.
Loss of exclusivity may provide opportunity for competing products, particularly generics, to siphon off our consumers. In addition, under
the Mayne License Agreement, the royalty rate is subject to a 2% reduction upon the earlier to occur of (i) the expiration or revocation
of the last valid claim covering a Licensed Product, and (ii) a generic product launch (a “LOE”). In February 2020, we received a Paragraph IV certification notice letter
(the “IMVEXXY Notice Letter”) regarding an ANDA submitted to the FDA by Teva Pharmaceuticals USA, Inc. (“Teva”)
seeking approval to market a generic version of IMVEXXY. See “If our efforts or the efforts of our licensees to protect the proprietary
nature of the intellectual property covering our hormone therapy pharmaceutical products and other products are not adequate, we may not
be able to compete effectively in our market” below for more information regarding the IMVEXXY Notice Letter. In March 2020, we
received a Paragraph IV certification notice letter (the “BIJUVA Notice Letter”) regarding an ANDA submitted to FDA by Amneal
Pharmaceuticals. See Item 1. Business – Pharmaceutical Regulation – Regulatory Exclusivity for more information on the BIJUVA
Notice Letter. In addition, in June 2024, Mayne Pharma received a Paragraph IV certification
notice letter (the “Sun Notice Letter”) regarding an ANDA submitted to the FDA by Sun Pharma Inc. (“Sun Pharma”),
seeking approval from the FDA to commercially manufacture, use, or sell a generic version of IMVEXXY and alleging that the IMVEXXY Patents
are invalid, unenforceable, and/or will not be infringed by Sun Pharma’s commercial manufacture, use, or sale of its proposed generic
drug product. An adverse ruling in this matter could trigger LOE, and thereby reduce our royalty rate under the Mayne License Agreement,
earlier than expected. As of December 31, 2025, the litigation remains ongoing and has progressed to claim construction. See Item 3. Legal
Proceedings for more information. In addition, we cannot predict what additional ANDAs could be filed
by Teva or other potential generic competitors requesting approval to market generic forms of our products, which if approved, could
result in significant decreases in the revenue derived from royalties sales of our marketed products and thereby harm our business and
financial condition. Our future success depends on our ability to attract and retain
qualified personnel. We have one employee and use a limited number of external consultants
for the operation of our company, any of whom may terminate their consultancy with us at any time. We may not be able to attract and
retain consultants on acceptable terms given the competition for similar personnel. Some of our consultants and advisors may be employed
by employers other than us and may have commitments under consulting or advisory contracts with other entities that may limit their availability
to us. We do not maintain “key person” insurance. If we are unable to continue to use our current consultants, or if we are
unable to recruit new consultants, then our ability to operate our business will be negatively impacted and it could interfere with our
ability to receive any potential royalties. 24 Our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely
affected by any future pandemics or epidemics. Our business may be impacted by any future pandemics or epidemics.
The severity of the impact of any pandemic on our business and operating results will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain
and cannot be accurately predicted. Any future pandemics or epidemics can negatively affect the ability
of our licensees’ sales force to access healthcare providers to promote our products and the ability of patients to visit their
healthcare professionals for non-emergent matters. Accordingly, the sales force of our licensees may continue to use a hybrid model of
office visits when necessary and digital engagement tools and tactics and virtual detailing, which may be less effective than their ordinary
course sales and marketing programs. Further, our future results of operations and liquidity could be adversely
affected during or following any future pandemics or epidemics by extended billing and collection cycles at our company, our licensees,
or otherwise; delays in payments of outstanding receivable amounts beyond normal payment terms, including royalty payments; supply chain
disruptions; and uncertain demand. Also, disruptions have occurred and may occur in the future that affect
our licensees’ ability to obtain supplies or other components for our products, manufacture additional products, or deliver inventory
in a timely manner. This would result in lost sales (and royalties) and damage to our reputation. We may also experience other unknown impacts from any future pandemics
or epidemics that cannot be predicted. Accordingly, disruptions to our business as a result of pandemics or epidemics could result in
an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. Failure to obtain regulatory approval outside the U.S. will
prevent our licensees from marketing our hormone therapy pharmaceutical products in non-U.S. markets. We have entered into licensing and supply agreements with Knight and
Theramex to commercialize IMVEXXY and BIJUVA in non-U.S. markets. To market these products in the European Union and many other non-U.S.
jurisdictions, our licensees must obtain separate regulatory approvals. We have had limited interactions with non-U.S. regulatory authorities,
the approval procedures vary among countries and can involve additional testing, and the time required to obtain approval may differ
from that required to obtain FDA approval or clearance. Approval or clearance by the FDA does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities
in other countries, and approval by one or more non-U.S. regulatory authorities does not ensure approval by other regulatory authorities
in other countries or by the FDA. The non-U.S. regulatory approval process may include all risks associated with obtaining FDA approval
or clearance. For these non-U.S. regulatory approvals, our licensees may not obtain them on a timely basis, if at all. Our licensees’
failure to receive necessary non-U.S. regulatory approvals to commercialize IMVEXXY and BIJUVA in a given market could have an adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. In addition, by seeking to obtain approval to market IMVEXXY and BIJUVA
in one or more non-U.S. markets, we or our licensees will be subject to rules and regulations in those markets relating to our products.
In some countries, particularly countries of the European Union, each of which has developed its own rules and regulations, pricing is
subject to governmental control. In these countries, pricing negotiations with governmental authorities can take considerable time after
the receipt of regulatory approval for a drug. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval in some countries, our licensees may be required
to conduct a clinical trial that compares the cost-effectiveness of our pharmaceutical product to other available products. If reimbursement
of our pharmaceutical product is unavailable or limited in scope or amount, or if pricing is set at unsatisfactory levels, our licensees
may be unable to generate revenues and achieve or sustain profitability with respect to any given market, which could have an adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. If our licensees obtain approval to market IMVEXXY
or BIJUVA in one or more non-U.S. markets, there will be additional pharmacovigilance reporting requirements for our products. To the
extent that the non-U.S. markets in which our licensees distribute our products have different pharmacovigilance reporting requirements
than the U.S., there is a risk that the marketing of our drugs in those countries may increase the number of adverse events reported
for our products. Our success is tied to our licensees’ distribution channels. Our revenue is dependent on our licensees’ distribution through
wholesale distributors and retail pharmacy distributors. Our business would be harmed if our licensees’ customers refused to distribute
our products and if our licensees were not able to replace such customers through their distribution channels. 25 Our ability to utilize net operating loss carryforwards may
be limited. As of December 31, 2025, we had federal net operating loss (“NOL”)
carryforwards of $584.6 million. Subject to applicable limitations, our NOL may be used to offset future taxable income, to the extent
we generate any taxable income, and thereby reduce our future federal income taxes otherwise payable. Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, imposes
limitations on a corporation’s ability to utilize NOL carryforwards if it experiences an ownership change as defined in Section
382. In general terms, an ownership change may result from transactions increasing the ownership of certain stockholders in the stock
of a corporation by more than 50 percent over a three-year period. If an ownership change has occurred, or were to occur, utilization
of our NOL carryforwards would be subject to an annual limitation under Section 382 determined by multiplying the value of our stock
at the time of the ownership change by the applicable long-term tax-exempt rate. Any unused annual limitation may be carried over to
later years. We may be found to have experienced an ownership change under Section 382 because of events in the past or the issuance
of shares of our common stock in the future. If so, the use of our NOL carryforwards, or a portion thereof, against our future taxable
income may be subject to an annual limitation under Section 382. In 2017, the U.S. federal government enacted comprehensive tax legislation
commonly referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the “2017 Tax Act”). The 2017 Tax Act makes broad and complex changes
to the U.S. federal tax code, including, but not limited to reducing the U.S. federal corporate tax rate from 34 percent to 21 percent
and imposing new restrictions on the use of NOL carryforwards. The 2017 Tax Act reduced the corporate tax rate to 21 percent, effective
January 1, 2018. Management assessed the valuation allowance analyses with respect to our NOL carryforwards as affected by various aspects
of the 2017 Tax Act and determined that a full valuation allowance continues to be appropriate. Additionally, to address the impact of
the COVID-19 pandemic, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act, or the CARES Act, was enacted into law in March 2020.
The CARES Act includes several significant business tax provisions that, among other things, includes further statutory amendments to
the rules governing NOL carryforwards, as amended by the 2017 Tax Act. The CARES Act limits the NOL deduction in taxable years beginning
in 2021 to the lesser of the NOL carryforwards or 80% of the taxpayer’s taxable income (after considering the deduction for NOL
arising in tax years beginning before January 1, 2018), which may restrict our ability to offset future taxable income with NOL carryforwards
and increase our future federal income taxes otherwise payable. Any failure of our licensees to adequately maintain a sales
force or adequately promote our products will impede our growth. We are substantially dependent on the sales forces of our licensees
to attract new business and to manage existing customer relationships. There is significant competition for qualified, productive direct
sales personnel with advanced sales skills and technical knowledge. Our ability to achieve growth in revenue in the future will depend,
in large part, on our licensees’ success in recruiting, training, and retaining direct sales personnel, and their decision to adequately
promote our products. If our licensees are unable to hire, engage, and develop enough productive sales personnel or fail to adequately
promote our products, our business prospects could suffer. Risks related to our intellectual property If our efforts or the efforts of our licensees to protect the
proprietary nature of the intellectual property covering our hormone therapy pharmaceutical products and other products are not adequate,
we may not be able to compete effectively in our market. Our commercial success will depend in part on ours and our licensees’
ability to obtain additional patents and protect our existing patent positions as well as our ability to maintain adequate protection
of other intellectual property for our hormone therapy pharmaceutical products. If we do not adequately protect our intellectual property,
competitors may be able to use our technologies and erode or negate any competitive advantage we may have, which could harm our business
and ability to achieve profitability. The patent positions of pharmaceutical companies are highly uncertain. The legal principles applicable
to patents are in transition due to changing court precedent and legislative action, and we cannot be certain that the historical legal
standards surrounding questions of validity will continue to be applied or that current defenses relating to issued patents in these
fields will be sufficient in the future. Changes in patent laws in the U.S., such as the America Invents Act of 2011, may affect the
scope, strength, and enforceability of our patent rights or the nature of proceedings that may be brought by us related to our patent
rights. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the U.S.,
and we may encounter significant problems in protecting our proprietary rights in these countries. We will be able to protect our proprietary
rights from unauthorized use by third parties only to the extent that our proprietary technologies are covered by valid and enforceable
patents or are effectively maintained as trade secrets. 26 These risks include the possibility of the following: ● the patent applications that we or our licenses have
    filed may fail to result in issued patents in the U.S. or in foreign jurisdictions; ● patents issued or licensed to us, or our partners,
    may be challenged or discovered to have been issued on the basis of insufficient, incomplete, or incorrect information, and thus
    held to be invalid or unenforceable; ● the scope of any patent protection may be too narrow
    to exclude competitors from developing or designing around these patents; ● we, the Population Council, or our licensees were not
    the first to make the inventions covered by each of our issued patents and pending patent applications, or may have created bars
    under U.S. or foreign laws that would preclude the issuance of patents; ● we, the Population Council, or our licensees may not
    have been the first inventors to invent or file patent applications for these technologies in the U.S. or were not the first to file
    patent applications directed to these technologies abroad; ● we may fail to comply with procedural, documentary,
    fee payment, and other similar provisions during the patent application process, which can result in abandonment or lapse of the
    patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights; ● future pharmaceutical product candidates may not be
    patentable; ● others may claim rights or ownership regarding patents
    and other proprietary rights that we hold or license; ● delays in development, testing, clinical trials, and
    regulatory review may reduce the period during which we could market our pharmaceutical products under patent protection; and ● we or our licensees may fail to timely apply for patents
    on our technologies or products. While we apply for patents covering our technologies and products,
as we deem appropriate, many third parties may already have filed patent applications or have received patents in our areas of product
development. These entities’ applications, patents, and other intellectual property rights may conflict with patent applications
to which we have rights and could prevent us from obtaining patents or could call into question the validity of any of our patents, if
issued, or could otherwise adversely affect our ability to develop, manufacture, or commercialize our pharmaceutical products. In addition,
if third parties file patent applications in the technologies that also claim technology to which we have rights, we may have to participate
in interference, derivation, or other proceedings with the USPTO or foreign patent regulatory authorities to determine our rights in
the technologies, which may be time-consuming and expensive. Moreover, issued patents may be challenged in the courts or in post-grant
proceedings at the USPTO, or in similar proceedings in foreign countries. These proceedings may result in loss of patent claims or adverse
changes to the scope of the claims. If we, the Population Council, our licensees, or our strategic partners
fail to obtain and maintain patent protection for our products, or our proprietary technologies and their uses, companies may be dissuaded
from collaborating with us or our licensees. In such event, ours or our licensee’s ability to commercialize our pharmaceutical
products may be threatened, we could lose our competitive advantage, and the competition we face could increase, all of which could adversely
affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 27 In addition, mechanisms exist in much of the world permitting some
form of challenge by generic drug marketers to our patents before, or immediately following, the expiration of any regulatory exclusivity,
and generic companies are increasingly employing aggressive strategies, such as “at risk” launches or the post-grant approval
processes that exists in the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions to challenge relevant patent rights. In February 2020, we received the IMVEXXY
Notice Letter regarding an ANDA submitted to the FDA by Teva. The ANDA submitted by Teva seeks approval from the FDA to commercially
manufacture, use, or sell a generic version of the 4 mcg and 10 mcg doses of IMVEXXY. In the IMVEXXY
Notice Letter, Teva alleges that IMVEXXY Patents listed in the FDA’s Orange Book that claim compositions and methods of IMVEXXY
are invalid, unenforceable, and/or will not be infringed by Teva’s commercial manufacture, use, or sale of its proposed generic
drug product. The IMVEXXY Patents identified in the IMVEXXY Notice Letter expire in 2032 or 2033. In April 2020, we filed a complaint
for patent infringement against Teva in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey arising from Teva’s ANDA
filing with the FDA. We are seeking, among other relief, an order that the effective date of any FDA approval of Teva’s ANDA would
be a date no earlier than the expiration of the IMVEXXY Patents and equitable relief enjoining Teva from infringing the IMVEXXY Patents.
Teva has filed its answer and counterclaim to the complaint, alleging that the IMVEXXY Patents are invalid and not infringed. In September
2021, the District Court made available a public version of the order following the parties’ agreement to a consent motion to redact
information Teva contended was confidential. The order provides that the statutory stay that prevents FDA from granting final approval
of the ANDA for 30 months from the date of the Notice Letter will be extended for the number of days that the stay of the IMVEXXY litigation
is in place. In November 2024, the court lifted the stay. As of December 31, 2025, the litigation remains ongoing and has progressed
to claim construction, which the courts determine the meaning and scope of the asserted patent claims that will govern subsequent infringement
and validity analysis. We cannot assure you that any patent infringement lawsuit that we
or our licensees may file will prevent the introduction of a generic version of IMVEXXY for any particular length of time, or at all.
If Teva’s ANDA is approved, and a generic version of IMVEXXY is introduced, the sales of IMVEXXY could be adversely affected and
our license revenue could be significantly decreased. In addition, we cannot predict what additional ANDAs could be filed by Teva, or
other potential generic competitors requesting approval to market generic forms of our products, which could require us or our licensees
to incur significant additional expense and result in distraction for our management team, and if approved, result in significant decreases
in the revenue derived from sales of our marketed products and thereby harm our business and financial condition. Our business also may rely on unpatented proprietary technology, know-how,
and trade secrets. If the confidentiality of this intellectual property is breached, it could adversely impact our business. We must rely on Mayne Pharma to file lawsuits or take other
actions to protect or enforce our patents and they may not take such actions or be successful. Competitors may infringe our patents or the patents of the ANNOVERA
licensor. Following the Mayne Transaction, we no longer have the express right to enforce our intellectual property. To counter infringement
or unauthorized use, we must rely on Mayne Pharma to file infringement claims, including with respect to Teva’s IMVEXXY Notice Letter.
Mayne Pharma may not have sufficient financial or other resources to file and pursue such infringement claims in the United States, which
typically last for years before they are concluded. In addition, the Mayne Lawsuits could adversely affect our working relationship and
may reduce Mayne Pharma’s willingness or incentive to aggressively pursue infringement claims, to devote sufficient financial and
managerial resources to patent enforcement and to coordinate litigation strategy with us. If Mayne Pharma were to decline to pursue, delay,
settle on unfavorable terms, or otherwise inadequately prosecute infringement claims, our patent protection and the associated royalty
revenues could be materially adversely affected. The legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do
not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual property protection, particularly those relating to pharmaceuticals, which
could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents or marketing of competing products in violation of our proprietary
rights generally. In addition, in an infringement proceeding, a court may decide that
a patent of ours or of the ANNOVERA licensor is not valid or is unenforceable or may refuse to stop the other party from using the technology
at issue on the grounds that our patents, or those of the ANNOVERA licensor, do not cover the technology in question or on other grounds.
An adverse result in any litigation or defense proceedings could put one or more of our patents, or those of the ANNOVERA licensor, at
risk of being invalidated, held unenforceable, or interpreted narrowly. Moreover, we may not be able to prevent, alone or with our licensees,
or the ANNOVERA licensor, misappropriation of our proprietary rights, particularly in countries in which the laws may not protect those
rights as fully as in the U.S. or in those countries in which we do not file national phase patent applications. Furthermore, because
of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our
confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. In addition, if securities analysts or investors
perceive public announcements of the results of hearings, motions, or other interim proceedings or developments to be negative, the price
of our common stock could be adversely affected. The occurrence of any of the above could adversely affect our business, financial condition,
results of operations, and prospects. 28 Risks related to ownership of our common stock We may be treated as a “public shell” company which
could have negative consequences, including potential Nasdaq delisting of our common stock. Our common stock is currently listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market.
We have no current plans to delist our common stock from Nasdaq. However, following the transaction with Mayne Pharma, when we changed
our business to become a royalty company, we may be treated as a “public shell” company under the Nasdaq rules, the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”).
Although Nasdaq evaluates whether a listed company is a public shell company based on a facts and circumstances determination, a Nasdaq-listed
company with no or nominal operations and either no or nominal assets, assets consisting solely of cash and cash equivalents, or assets
consisting of any amount of cash and cash equivalents and nominal other assets is generally considered to be a public shell company. Listed
companies determined to be public shell companies by Nasdaq may be subject to delisting proceedings or additional and more stringent listing
criteria. Additionally, we may be subject to delisting proceedings as a result of our failure to maintain compliance with additional continued
listing requirements of Nasdaq. If our common stock is delisted from Nasdaq, or if in the future we
determine to delist our common stock, we would expect that such securities would qualify for trading over-the-counter, or OTC, in the
United States on a market colloquially referred to as the “Pink Sheets.” Securities quoted OTC are generally subject to lesser
requirements than securities listed for trading on a U.S. national stock exchange, such as Nasdaq, including reduced corporate governance
and public reporting standards. If Nasdaq should delist our common stock from trading, or if in the
future we determine to delist our common stock, a reduction in some or all of the following may occur, each of which could have a material
adverse effect on holders of our common stock: the liquidity of our common stock; the market price of our common stock; the number of
institutional and general investors that will consider investing in our common stock; the number of investors in general that will consider
investing in our common stock; the number of market makers in our common stock; the availability of information concerning the trading
prices and volume of our common stock; and the number of broker-dealers willing to execute trades in our common stock. In addition to
the foregoing, there are certain consequences under the Securities Act of being a public shell company, including the unavailability
of Rule 144 thereunder for the resale of restricted securities and the inability to utilize Form S-8 for the registration of employee
benefit plan securities. Our principal stockholder owns a significant percentage of our
stock and will be able to exert significant control over matters subject to stockholder approval. As of December 31, 2025, Rubric Capital Management LP (“Rubric”)
and its affiliates beneficially owned approximately 25.5% of our common stock. Rubric may be able to largely determine the outcome of
all matters requiring stockholder approval. For example, Rubric may be able to largely control elections of directors, amendments of our
organizational documents, or approval of any merger, sale of assets, or other major corporate transactions. This may prevent or discourage
unsolicited acquisition proposals or offers for our common stock that you may feel are in your best interest as one of our stockholders. If we fail to maintain proper internal controls, our ability
to produce accurate financial statements or comply with applicable regulations could be impaired. Pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management
is required annually to deliver a report that assesses the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Due to our
current filing status, we are not required to have our independent registered public accounting firm deliver an attestation report on
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. If we are unable to maintain effective internal control over financial
reporting or our independent auditors are unwilling or unable to provide us with an attestation report on the effectiveness of internal
control over financial reporting for future periods as required by, or voluntarily followed under, Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, we may not be able to produce accurate financial statements, and investors may therefore lose confidence in our operating results,
our stock price could decline and we may be subject to litigation or regulatory enforcement actions. 29 We do not currently intend to pay dividends on our common stock
so any returns may be limited to the value of our stock. We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock.
We currently anticipate that we will retain any future earnings for the operation of our business and do not anticipate declaring or
paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. In addition, the terms of any future debt agreements may also preclude us from
paying dividends. Any return to stockholders may be limited to the capital appreciation, if any, of their stock. Some provisions of our charter documents and Nevada law may
have anti-takeover effects that could discourage an acquisition of us by others, even if an acquisition would be beneficial to our stockholders
and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management. Provisions in our articles of incorporation and bylaws, as well as
certain provisions of Nevada law, could make it more difficult for a third-party to acquire us or increase the cost of acquiring us,
even if an acquisition would benefit our stockholders, and could also make it more difficult to remove our current management. These
provisions in our articles of incorporation and bylaws include the following: ● authorizing the issuance of “blank check” preferred
        stock that could be issued by our Board of Directors to increase the number of outstanding shares and thwart a takeover
        attempt; ● prohibiting cumulative voting in the election of directors,
    which would otherwise allow less than a majority of stockholders to elect director candidates; and ● advance notice provisions in connection with stockholder
    proposals that may prevent or hinder any attempt by our stockholders to bring business to be considered by our stockholders at a
    meeting or replace our Board. In addition, we are subject to Nevada’s Combination with Interested
Stockholders statute (Nevada Revised Statute Sections 78.411 – 78.444), which prohibits an “interested stockholder”
from entering into a “combination” with a company, unless certain conditions are met. An “interested stockholder”
is a person who, together with affiliates and associates, beneficially owns (or within the prior two years, did beneficially own) 10%
or more of the corporation’s capital stock entitled to vote. General risks related to our business Our business may be affected by unfavorable publicity or lack
of consumer acceptance. We are highly dependent upon consumer acceptance of the safety and
quality of our products, as well as similar products distributed by other companies. Consumer acceptance of a product can be significantly
influenced by scientific research or findings, national media attention, and other publicity about product use, products themselves,
or marketing campaigns for our products. A product may be received favorably, resulting in high sales associated with that product that
may not be sustainable as consumer preferences change. Future scientific research or publicity could be unfavorable to our industry or
any of our products and may not be consistent with earlier favorable research or publicity. A future research report or publicity that
is perceived by consumers as less than favorable or that may question earlier favorable research or publicity could have an adverse effect
on sales of our products and our ability to generate revenue. Adverse publicity in the form of published scientific research, statements
by regulatory authorities or otherwise, whether or not accurate, that associates use of our products or any other similar products with
illness or other adverse effects, or that questions the benefits of our products or similar products, or that claims that such products
do not have the effect intended, or that question the marketing of our products, could have an adverse effect on our business, reputation,
financial condition, or results of operations. 30 Our licensees may initiate product recalls or withdrawals or
may be subject to regulatory enforcement actions that could negatively affect our business. Our products may be subject to product recalls, withdrawals, or seizures
if any of our products are believed to cause injury or illness or if our licensees are alleged to have violated governmental regulations
in the manufacture, labeling, promotion, sale, or distribution of any of our products. A recall, withdrawal, or seizure of any of our
products could adversely affect consumer confidence in our brands and lead to decreased demand for our products, which could adversely
affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Product liability lawsuits could divert our resources, result
in substantial liabilities, and reduce the commercial potential of our products. We face an inherent risk of product liability claims because of the
commercial availability of our current products. Additionally, considering the history of product liability claims related to other hormone
therapy products and contraceptives, we will face an even greater risk through commercialization of our products. For example, we may
be sued if any product we develop allegedly causes injury or is found to be otherwise unsuitable during manufacturing, marketing, or
sale. Any such product liability claims may include allegations of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, failures to warn of dangers
associated with the use of the product, negligence, strict liability, or breaches of warranties. Claims could also be asserted under
state consumer fraud and protection statutes. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against product liability claims, we may incur
substantial liabilities or be required to limit commercialization of our existing products or pharmaceutical product candidates. Regardless
of the merits or eventual outcome, product liability claims may result in any of the following: ● the inability to commercialize our products; ● difficulty recruiting subjects for clinical trials
    or withdrawal of these subjects before a trial is completed; ● labeling, marketing, or promotional changes and/or
    restrictions; ● product recalls or withdrawals; ● decreased demand for our products or products that
    we may develop in the future; ● loss of revenue; ● injury to our reputation; ● initiation of investigations by regulators or actions
    by state attorney generals or the U.S. Department of Justice; ● costs to defend the related litigation; ● a diversion of management’s time and our resources; ● substantial monetary awards to trial participants or
    patients; ● exhaustion of any available insurance and our capital
    resources; ● the obligation to indemnify our licensees that would
    be a diversion of management’s time and resources; and ● a decline in our stock price. Although we maintain general liability insurance and clinical trial
liability insurance for our products and product candidates, this insurance may not fully cover potential liabilities. The cost of any
product liability litigation or other proceeding, even if resolved in our favor, could be substantial. In addition, our inability to
obtain or maintain sufficient insurance coverage at an acceptable cost or to otherwise protect against potential product liability claims
could prevent or inhibit the development and commercial production and sale of our products, which could adversely affect our business,
financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 31 A failure to maintain optimal inventory levels to meet commercial
demand for our products could harm our and our licensees’ reputation and subject us to financial losses. Our licensees’ ability to maintain optimal inventory levels
to meet commercial demand depends on the performance of third-party contract manufacturers. In some instances, our products have unique
ingredients used under license arrangements. One of our third-party contract manufacturers has in the past experienced an increase in
difficulties with manufacturing of ANNOVERA, resulting in intermittent supply of ANNOVERA for commercial distribution. See “Our
dependence upon third parties for the manufacture and supply of our existing women’s healthcare products may cause delays in or
prevent our licensees from successfully commercializing and marketing our products” above. If the manufacturers of our products
are unsuccessful in obtaining raw materials, if our licensees are unable to manufacture and release inventory on a timely and consistent
basis, if our licensees fail to maintain an adequate level of product inventory, if inventory is destroyed or damaged, or if our licensees’
inventory reaches its expiration date, patients might not have access to our products, our reputation and brands could be harmed, and
physicians may be less likely to recommend our products in the future, each of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Our business may be impacted by new or changing tax laws or
regulations and actions by federal, state, and/or local agencies, or how judicial authorities apply tax laws. In connection with the products we previously sold and the royalties
we receive, we calculate, collect, and remit various federal, state, and local taxes, surcharges and regulatory fees, or taxes, to numerous
federal, state and local governmental authorities. In addition, we incur and pay state and local taxes and fees on purchases of goods
and services used in our business. Tax laws are dynamic and subject to change as new laws are passed and new interpretations of the law
are issued or applied. In many cases, the application of tax laws is uncertain and subject to differing interpretations, especially when
evaluated against new technologies and services. The impact of tax reform on holders of our common stock is also uncertain and could
be adverse. If we have incorrectly described, disclosed, calculated, assessed,
or remitted amounts that were due to governmental authorities, we could be subject to additional taxes, fines, penalties, or other adverse
actions, which could impact our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We may not be able to maintain effective and efficient information
systems or properly safeguard our information systems. Our operations are dependent on uninterrupted performance of our information
systems. Failure to maintain reliable information systems, disruptions in our existing information systems or the implementation of new
systems could cause disruptions in our business operations, including violations of patient privacy and confidentiality requirements
and other regulatory requirements, increased administrative expenses and other adverse consequences. In addition, information security risks have generally increased in
recent years because of new technologies and the increased activities of perpetrators of cyber-attacks resulting in the theft of protected
health, business, or financial information. Despite our layered security controls, experienced computer programmers and hackers may be
able to penetrate our information systems or the information systems of our licensees and misappropriate or compromise sensitive patient
or personnel information or proprietary or confidential information, create system disruptions or cause shutdowns. They also may be able
to develop and deploy viruses, worms and other malicious software programs that disable our systems or otherwise exploit any security
vulnerabilities. Outside parties may also attempt to fraudulently induce employees to take actions, including the release of confidential
or sensitive information or to make fraudulent payments, through illegal electronic spamming, phishing, or other tactics. A failure in or breach of our information systems or those of our
licensees because of cyber-attacks or other tactics could disrupt our business, result in the release or misuse of protected health information,
or PHI, confidential or proprietary business information or financial loss, damage our reputation, increase our administrative expenses,
and expose us to additional risk of liability to federal or state governments or individuals. Although we believe that we have robust
information security procedures and other safeguards in place, as cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend additional
resources to continue to enhance our information security measures or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities.
Our remediation efforts may not be successful and could result in interruptions, delays or cessation of service and loss of existing
or potential patients and disruption of our operations. In addition, breaches of our security measures and the unauthorized dissemination
of patient healthcare and other sensitive information, proprietary or confidential information about us or other third-parties could
expose such persons’ private information to the risk of financial or medical identity theft or expose us or such persons to a risk
of loss or misuse of this information, result in litigation and potential liability for us, damage our brand and reputation or otherwise
harm our business. Any of these disruptions or breaches of security could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
and results of operations. 32 Our failure to comply with foreign data protection laws and
regulations could lead to government enforcement actions and significant penalties against us, and adversely impact our operating results. European Union member states and other foreign jurisdictions, including
Switzerland, have adopted data protection laws and regulations which impose significant compliance obligations. Moreover, the collection
and use of personal health data in the European Union is governed by the European Union General Data Protection Regulation the (“GDPR”),
which imposes wide-ranging requirements relating to, among other things, the consent of the individuals to whom the personal data relates,
the information provided to the individuals, the security and confidentiality of the personal data, data breach notification and the use
of third-party processors in connection with the processing of personal data. The GDPR also imposes strict rules on the transfer of personal
data out of the European Union to the U.S., provides an enforcement authority and imposes large penalties for noncompliance, including
the potential for fines of up to €20 million or 4% of the annual global revenues of the non-compliant company, whichever is greater.
The implementation of the GDPR has increased our responsibility and liability in relation to personal data that we process, and we may
in the future be required to put in place additional mechanisms to ensure compliance with the GDPR, which could divert management’s
attention and increase our cost of doing business. In July 2020, the Court of Justice of the European Union issued its
long-awaited decision in the case Data Protection Commission v. Facebook Ireland, Schrems. The decision on this case invalidated the European
Commission’s adequacy decision for the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework, calling into question personal data transfers from the
EU to the U.S. On July 10, 2023, the European Commission adopted its Final Implementing Decision granting the U.S. adequacy (Adequacy
Decision) for EU-U.S. transfers of personal information for companies that self-certify to the Trans-Atlantic Data Privacy Framework (the
“DPF”). While we have yet to determine the full impact of the DPF on our business, any transfers by us or our vendors or licensees
of personal information subject to the GDPR may not comply with data protection law and may increase our exposure to the GDPR’s
heightened sanctions for violations of its cross-border data transfer restrictions. In addition, new regulation or legislative actions regarding data
privacy and security (together with applicable industry standards) may increase our costs of doing business. In this regard, we expect
that there will continue to be new proposed laws, regulations and industry standards relating to privacy and data protection in the U.S.,
the European Union and other jurisdictions, and we cannot determine the impact such future laws, regulations and standards may have on
our business. Our employees and business partners may not appropriately secure
and protect confidential information in their possession. Our employee and business partners are responsible for the security
of the information in our systems or under our control and to ensure that private and financial information is kept confidential. Should
an employee or business partner not follow appropriate security measures, including those related to cyber threats or attacks or other
tactics, as well as our privacy and security policies and procedures, the improper release of personal information, including PHI, or
confidential business or financial information, or misappropriation of assets could result. The release of such information or misappropriation
of assets could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Employees may engage in misconduct or other improper activities,
including noncompliance with regulatory standards and requirements and insider trading. We are exposed to the risk of employee fraud or other misconduct.
Misconduct by our employee could include intentional failures to comply with FDA regulations, to provide accurate information to the
FDA, to comply with federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws and regulations, to report financial information or data accurately,
or to disclose unauthorized activities to us. In particular, sales, marketing, and business arrangements in the healthcare industry are
subject to extensive laws and regulations intended to prevent fraud, misconduct, kickbacks, self-dealing, and other abusive practices.
These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, sales commission,
customer incentive programs, and other business arrangements. We have adopted a Code of Conduct and Ethics, but it is not always possible
to identify and deter employee misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling
unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from
a failure to be in compliance with these laws or regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us or our licensees, and we
are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, including
the imposition of significant fines or other sanctions. 33 General risks related to our intellectual property If we are sued for infringing intellectual property rights of
third parties, litigation will be costly and time consuming and could prevent or delay us from developing or commercializing our pharmaceutical
product candidates. Our commercial success depends, in part, on our not infringing the
patents and proprietary rights of other parties and not breaching any collaboration or other agreements we entered with regard to our
technologies and products. We are aware of numerous third-party U.S. and non-U.S. issued patents and pending applications that exist in
the technical areas of our pharmaceutical products, including compounds, formulations, treatment methods, and synthetic processes, which
may be applied towards the synthesis of hormones, for example. Patent applications are confidential when filed and remain confidential
until publication, approximately 18 months after initial filing, while some patent applications remain unpublished until issuance. As
such, there may be other third-party patents and pending applications of which we are currently unaware with claims directed towards composition
of matter, formulations, methods of manufacture, or methods for treatment related to the use or manufacture of our products or product
candidates. Therefore, we cannot ever know with certainty the nature or existence of every third-party patent filing. We cannot provide
assurances that our licensees or their partners will be free to manufacture or market our products as planned or that we or the ANNOVERA
licensors’ and partners’ patents will not be opposed or litigated by third parties. If any third-party patent was held by
a court of competent jurisdiction to cover aspects of our materials, formulations, methods of manufacture, or methods of treatment related
to the use or manufacture of any of our products, the holders of any such patent may be able to block our ability to commercialize the
applicable product unless we obtained a license or until such patent expires or is finally determined to be held invalid or unenforceable.
We may not be able to obtain a license to such patent on favorable terms or at all. Failure to obtain such license may have an adverse
effect on our business. There is a substantial amount of litigation involving intellectual
property in the pharmaceutical industry generally. If a third-party asserts that we infringe its patents or other proprietary rights,
we could face many risks that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects, including
the following: ● infringement and other intellectual property claims,
    which would be costly and time-consuming to defend, whether or not we are ultimately successful, which in turn could delay the regulatory
    approval process, consume our capital, and divert management’s attention from our business; ● substantial damages for past infringement, which we
    may have to pay if a court determines that our products or technologies infringe a competitor’s patent or other proprietary
    rights; ● a court prohibiting us from selling or licensing our
    technologies or future products unless the third-party licenses its patents or other proprietary rights to us on commercially reasonable
    terms, which it is not required to do; ● if a license is available from a third-party, we may
    have to pay substantial royalties or lump sum payments or grant cross licenses to our patents or other proprietary rights to obtain
    that license; or ● redesigning our products so they do not infringe, which
    may not be possible or may require substantial monetary expenditures and time. We are party from time to time to legal proceedings relating to our
intellectual property, and third parties in the future may file claims asserting that our technologies, processes, or products infringe
on their intellectual property. We cannot predict whether third parties will assert these claims against us or our strategic partners
or against the licensors of technology licensed to us or our licensees, or whether those claims will harm our business. In addition,
the outcome of intellectual property litigation is subject to uncertainties that cannot be adequately quantified in advance. If we or
our partners were to face infringement claims or challenges by third parties relating to our pharmaceutical product candidates, an adverse
outcome could subject us to significant liabilities to such third parties, and force us or our partners to curtail or cease the development
of some or all of our pharmaceutical product candidates, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations,
and prospects. 34 If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of certain information,
the value of our products and technology could be adversely affected. We rely and previously relied on trade secrets, know-how, and continuing
technological advancement to develop and maintain our competitive position. To protect this competitive position, we regularly enter
into confidentiality and proprietary information agreements with third parties, including employees, independent contractors, suppliers,
and collaborators. We cannot, however, ensure that these protective arrangements will be honored by third parties, and we may not have
adequate remedies if these arrangements are breached. In addition, enforcement of claims that a third-party has illegally obtained and
is using trade secrets, know-how, or technological advancements is expensive, time-consuming, and uncertain. Non-U.S. courts are sometimes
less willing than U.S. courts to protect this information. Moreover, our trade secrets, know-how, and technological advancements may
otherwise become known or be independently developed by competitors in a manner providing us with no practical recourse against the competing
parties. If any such events were to occur, they could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and
prospects. If the Company’s continued exploration of strategic alternatives
is unsuccessful, our financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. As previously announced, the Company continues to evaluate a variety
of strategic alternatives that may include, but not be limited to, an acquisition, merger or other business combination, or other strategic
transactions involving the Company. Any potential strategic alternative would be dependent on a number of factors that may be beyond our
control, including, among other things, market conditions, industry trends, regulatory approvals, and the availability of financing for
a potential transaction on reasonable terms. We may incur substantial expenses associated with identifying, evaluating, and negotiating
potential strategic alternatives. Any potential transaction or other strategic alternative, if consummated, may not provide greater value
to our stockholders than that reflected in the current price of our common stock. In addition, perceived uncertainties related to our
future may result in the loss of potential business opportunities and volatility in the market price of our common stock. We may be subject to claims that our former employees wrongfully
used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of their former employers or of other third parties with whom we have obligations of confidentiality. As is common in the pharmaceutical industry, we employ and previously
employed individuals who were previously employed at other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies, including our competitors or potential
competitors. We may be subject to claims that these former employees, or we, have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed trade
secrets or other proprietary information of their former employers. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. Such
claims may lead to material costs for us, or an inability to protect or use valuable intellectual property rights, which could adversely
affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. General risks related to ownership of our Common Stock The market price of our common stock may be highly volatile,
and you could lose all or part of your investment. The trading price of our common stock on Nasdaq is likely to be volatile.
This volatility may prevent you from being able to sell your shares at or above the price you paid for your shares. Our stock price could
be subject to wide fluctuations in response to a variety of factors, which include the following: ● changes in laws or regulations applicable to our products; ● unanticipated serious safety concerns related to the
    use of our products; ● the inability for our licensees to obtain adequate
    supply for our products or the inability to do so at acceptable prices; ● adverse regulatory decisions; ● an adverse ruling in the Mayne Lawsuits; ● the introduction of new products or technologies offered
    by our competitors; ● the effectiveness of our licensees’ commercialization
    efforts; 35 ● the perception of the pharmaceutical industry by the
    public, legislatures, regulators, and the investment community; ● disputes or other developments relating to proprietary
    rights, including patents, litigation matters, and our ability to obtain patent protection for our technologies; ● actual or anticipated variations in quarterly operating
    results; ● the failure to meet or exceed the estimates and projections
    of the investment community; ● the overall performance of the U.S. equity markets
    and general political and economic conditions; ● announcements of significant acquisitions, strategic
    partnerships, joint ventures, or capital commitments by us or our competitors; ● additions or departures of key management personnel; ● adverse market reaction to any indebtedness we may
    incur or securities we may issue in the future; ● sales of our common stock by us or our stockholders
    in the future; ● significant lawsuits, including patent or stockholder
    litigation; ● changes in the market valuations of similar companies; ● the trading volume of our common stock; ● increases in our common stock available for sale upon
    expiration of lock-up agreements; ● effects of natural or man-made catastrophic events
    or other business interruptions; and ● other events or factors, many of which are beyond our
    control. In addition, the stock market in general, and the stock of biotechnology
companies in particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to
the operating performance of these companies. Broad market and industry factors may negatively affect the market price of our common
stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. 36 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or
publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline. The trading market for our common stock will depend in part on the
research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. If one or more of the analysts who cover
us downgrade our stock or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price would likely decline. If one
or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial
markets, which might cause our stock price and trading volume to decline. Future sales and issuances of equity securities, convertible
securities or other securities could result in additional dilution of the percentage ownership of holders of our common stock. Our stockholders may experience dilution upon future equity issuances,
including convertible debt or equity securities we may issue in the future, the exercise of stock options to purchase common stock granted
to our employee, consultants and directors, including options to purchase common stock granted under our stock option and equity incentive
plans or the issuance of common stock in settlement of previously issued awards under our stock option and equity incentive plans that
may vest in the future. We expect that additional capital will be needed in the future to
continue our planned operations. To raise capital, we may sell equity securities, convertible securities or other securities in one or
more transactions at prices and in a manner we determine from time to time. If we sell equity securities, convertible securities or other
securities current investors may be materially diluted by subsequent sales. We may also need our stockholders to authorize the issuance
of additional shares of common stock under our articles of incorporation if we do not have sufficient authorized shares to raise such
additional capital or issue future awards under our stock option and equity incentive plans. New investors could also gain rights, preferences,
and privileges senior to those of holders of our existing equity securities. Item 1B. Unresolved staff comments None. Item 1C. Cybersecurity Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy We have implemented and maintain various information security processes
designed to assess, identify and manage material risks from cybersecurity threats to our critical systems and information. Such processes
are integrated into our overall risk management processes. For example, cybersecurity risk is addressed as a component of our enterprise
risk management program and has historically been included as part of compliance reports provided to our audit committee. 37 Our officers, contractors and third-party IT vendors help assess,
identify and manage our cybersecurity threats and risks by monitoring and evaluating our threat environment and risk profile using various
methods including, for example: through the use of automated tools; conducting audits and threat assessments for internal and external
threats; analyzing reports of threats and actors; evaluating our and our industry’s risk profile; and evaluating threats reported
to us. We implement and maintain various technical, physical, and organizational
measures, processes, standards and policies designed to manage and mitigate material risks from cybersecurity threats to our critical
systems and information, including, for example: multi-factor authentication, encryption, anti-malware functionality, access controls
and systems monitoring. We use third-party service providers to perform a variety of functions
throughout our business, including but not limited to application providers and hosting companies. All of our critical information is
hosted by a third-party service provider. Further, we also rely upon such third-party service providers to both assist us in identifying
cybersecurity threats , as well as to review and notify us of any data breach on their systems. For a description of the risks from cybersecurity threats that may
materially affect us and how they may do so, see our

