TICKER: UMAC
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain. A key factor in Unusual Machines’ component
production is the validation of newly supply chains to meet defense and federal procurement requirements. The Defense Contract Management
Agency audits new drone components for supply chain and cybersecurity risks. Components that pass the audit can then be put on the actively
maintained Blue Framework list. Since August 2024, Unusual Machines has developed six components (and variants) that have been approved
and added to the Blue Framework. The Company intends to continue developing and certifying new components through this process to ease
acquisition requirements for domestic drone manufacturers, which are ultimately significant customers. The Drone Industry The drone industry continues to expand as a powerful
business, defense, and public safety tool, as well as a popular recreational activity, with growth occurring broadly across our targeted
industries. According to Drone Industry Insights’ Global Drone Market Report 2025–2030, the global drone market is projected
to reach approximately U.S. $57.8 billion by 2030. A Fact.MR report indicates the drone accessories market was valued at approximately
$25.2 billion in 2024 and is projected to reach ~$156 billion by 2034 at a ~20% CAGR. Furthermore, the global drone flight controller
system market was approximately $7.14 billion in 2024 and is expected to reach around $13.05 billion by 2029 (CAGR ~12.8%) according to
the Business Research Company. Similarly, Global Market Insights reports that the drone motor market was valued at ~$4.7 billion in 2024
and is forecast to grow to ~$9.2 billion by 2030, and ~$15.9 billion by 2034 at a ~13.1% CAGR. Fortune Business Insights likewise forecasts
the motor market at $6.7 billion in 2025, with expansion toward $16.3 billion by 2034 as commercial and industrial drone deployment increases. Unusual Machines intends to pursue strategic acquisition
targets that are cash flow positive and manufacture and sell drone components or enable us to domestically produce them. The Company believes
that very promising companies (both public and private) are, in many instances, underfunded and unable to scale their innovative products
and solutions. We believe that unlocking this potential will be key to industry consolidation. The Company’s acquisition strategy
is intended to support broader industry shifts toward U.S.-manufactured and NDAA-compliant drone systems, while maintaining a deliberate
approach to capital allocation and integration risk. Low Cost and Attritable Drone Market Segment Unusual Machines principally operates and manufactures
components in the Group 1 Unmanned Aerial Systems (“UAS”) which is often referred to as the small drone segment of the drone
industry. These drones are known for being light weight, high speed, and low-cost attritable drones where responsiveness and situational
awareness are essential. In the defense sector, these drones are primarily used for tactical missions with real time intelligence, surveillance,
and reconnaissance. In the commercial and consumer sector, these drones are used for freestyle, racing, cinematic production, mapping
and commercial use. 1 This also includes FPV drones where pilots use
wearable display devices or screens that provide real-time, first-person video feed from a camera mounted on the drone, creating an immersive
operating experience in which the pilot interacts with the aircraft through visual immersion. This experience is enabled by live-streamed
video transmitted with ultra-low latency from the drone to the pilot via radio links, enabling precise pilot control. FPV systems integrate
onboard cameras, video transmission modules, flight controllers, motors, and pilot display devices that operate as an integrated system
over radio communications. While FPV video transmission has historically relied on analog signals, digital transmission systems are increasingly
adopted as reliability, range, and image quality improve. These systems require sophisticated electronics capable of maintaining low-latency,
reliable performance during flight. Plans for Growth, Development, and Expansion Unusual Machine’s intends to strengthen
its market position through continued organic revenue growth while expanding its role as a U.S. supplier of critical drone components.
The Company’s growth strategy emphasizes disciplined execution, increased operational scale, and expansion of its B2B component
sales to commercial and defense-oriented customers. The Company’s business strategy includes
(i) increasing its overall customer base through broader adoption of its products across consumer, commercial, and mission-oriented applications;
(ii) investing in the development and expansion of hardware products that support increased performance, reliability, and manufacturability;
(iii) growing revenue from its existing customer base using a “land-and-expand” approach that establishes initial relationships
and deepens engagement over time through consistent product delivery and service; (iv) selectively pursuing acquisitions and partnerships
that enhance domestic manufacturing capabilities, supply chain control, or component offerings; and (v) making strategic investments in
emerging leaders in the U.S. drone ecosystem that would help us broaden our pipeline and relationships with our suppliers and customers
and thereby support the American drone ecosystem. Customers Historically, Unusual Machines generated a significant
portion of its revenue through direct-to-consumer sales via its Rotor Riot e-commerce platform. As Unusual Machines continues to expand
its B2B component offerings, enterprise sales have grown to represent a larger portion of total revenue. In 2025, enterprise customers
became the Company’s primary revenue driver. The Company’s enterprise customer base consists
primarily of U.S.-based drone manufacturers and system integrators that purchase components for use in consumer, commercial, and mission-oriented
drone platforms. Unusual Machines expects continued growth in this customer base as demand for domestically sourced, reliable, and compliant
drone components increases, supported by expanding manufacturing capacity and broader component availability. Competition Unusual Machines operates in a highly competitive
drone and drone components market characterized by rapid technological change, pricing pressure, and the presence of large, well-capitalized
international manufacturers. Competition varies by product category and end market, particularly between consumer-facing products and
enterprise-focused component sales. In the global drone market, SZ DJI Technology
Co., Ltd. (“DJI”) is the dominant manufacturer, with industry research firms estimating that DJI accounts for a majority of
global consumer and prosumer drone sales. DJI’s scale and vertical integration create competitive pressure across the industry,
while evolving regulatory requirements and customer demand for U.S.-based, compliant supply chains have created opportunities for alternative
suppliers. See “Government Regulation and Federal Policy” below for recent information relating to DJI. Within the drone components market, Unusual Machines
competes with domestic and international manufacturers, including T-Motor, Orqa, ModalAI, and ARK Electronics. Competition is based on
price, performance, reliability, availability, and compliance. Unusual Machines differentiates itself by offering
price-competitive, domestically manufactured and assembled drone components designed to meet NDAA requirements and align with Department
of Defense procurement frameworks, including the Blue UAS ecosystem, while focusing on supply chain control and execution reliability. 2 The Company’s Drone Component Manufacturing The Company operates multiple manufacturing facilities located near
its headquarters in Orlando, Florida. As of March 2026, Unusual Machines operates five facilities in the Orlando area to support domestic
drone component production and assembly, one of which is our corporate office. These facilities manufacture a variety of drone components,
including motors, headsets, and other critical components. The components support consumer, defense, and enterprise customers. The Company
expects to continue to expand its production footprint in the Orlando area in a planful and deliberate manner, including the potential
addition of new product categories, such as batteries and cameras, as operational capacity and customer demand support such expansion. See “

--- VENDORS ---
vendors, supply chains,
the availability of PCBs, optics, and certain chips. Any change in availability of these components,

--- MANUFACTURING ---
contract manufacturers generally
purchase these components on our behalf from approved suppliers. We are subject to the risk of shortages and long lead times in the supply
of these components and the risk that our suppliers discontinue or modify components used in our products. In addition, the lead times
associated with certain components are lengthy and preclude rapid changes in quantities and delivery schedules. We order inventory on
a purchase order basis, and these firms do not have a contractual obligation to provide adequate supply or acceptable pricing to us on
a long-term basis. These suppliers could discontinue sourcing merchandise for us at any time. If we lose access to components from a particular
supplier or experience a significant disruption in the supply of products and components from a current supplier, we may be unable to
locate alternative suppliers of comparable quality at an acceptable price, or at all, and our business could be materially and adversely
affected. If any of these suppliers were to discontinue its relationship with us, or discontinue providing specific products to us, and
we are unable to contract with a new supplier that can meet our requirements, or if they or such other supplier were to suffer a disruption
in their production, we could experience disruption of our inventory flow, a decrease in sales and the possible need to re-design our
products. Any such event could disrupt our operations and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
In addition, if we experience a significant increase in demand for our products, our suppliers might not have the capacity or elect not
to meet our needs as they allocate components to other customers. Developing suitable alternate sources of supply for these components
may be time-consuming, difficult and costly, and we may not be able to source these components on terms that are acceptable to us, or
at all, which may adversely affect our ability to fill our orders in a timely or cost-effective manner. Identifying a suitable supplier
is an involved process that requires us to become satisfied with the supplier’s quality control, responsiveness and service, financial
stability, labor and other ethical practices, and if we seek to source materials from new suppliers, there can be no assurance that we
could do so in a manner that does not disrupt the manufacture and sale of our products. Our reliance on a small number of suppliers involves
a number of additional risks, including risks related to supplier capacity constraints, price increases, timely delivery, component quality,
failure of a key supplier to remain in business and adjust to market conditions, delays in, or the inability to execute on, a supplier
roadmap for components and technologies; and natural disasters, fire, acts of terrorism or other catastrophic events, including global
pandemics. 13 The development and manufacturing of headsets
encompasses several complex processes and several steps of our production processes are dependent upon third party vendors, supply chains,
the availability of PCBs, optics, and certain chips. Any change in availability of these components, manufacturing or design partners
could result in delivery interruptions, which could adversely affect our operating results. As we continue to develop our products, we must progress through the complex
and challenging processes involved in the technology and designs on which Fat Shark and Rotor Riot products are based. Fat Shark and Rotor
Riot rely on third party suppliers for the resources needed to navigate these processes and expect to continue to rely on such parties
when we manufacture and market our component parts. Our reliance on third-party manufacturers and service providers will entail risks
to which we may not be subject if our future operations were more vertically integrated, including: · the ongoing supply chain shortages, and any future
supply chain and logistics challenges that we or our vendors may face in the future, including due to the reliance on lithium-ion batteries
and other materials for our products; · the inability to meet any product specifications
and quality requirements consistently; · the impact of tariffs, the availability of United
States supply sources and the impact of higher prices; · discontinuation or recall of products or component
parts; · manufacturing and product quality issues related
to scale-up of manufacturing; · costs and validation of new equipment and facilities
required for scale-up; · a failure to comply with applicable regulatory
and safety standards in the United States and foreign markets in which we or our collaborators operate; · the inability to negotiate manufacturing and
service agreements with third parties under commercially reasonable terms; · the possibility of breach or termination or nonrenewal
of agreements with third parties in a manner that is costly or damaging to our subsidiaries; · Our subsidiaries do not always execute definitive
written agreements with their vendors, particularly those located in China, which exposes them to possible disputes concerning the existence
or terms of their agreements and their intellectual property rights; · the reliance on a few sources, and sometimes,
single sources for

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials used to manufacture our products or used in its development programs become scarce or unavailable, then we may incur
delays in manufacturing and delivery of our products, which could damage our business. Our ability to meet customers’ demands depends,
in part, on its ability to obtain timely and adequate delivery of high-quality materials, components and subsystems, many of which are
obtained from a select group of specialized suppliers, including some sole-source providers. In order to mitigate potential disruptions,
we maintain long-term, non-binding agreements with several key suppliers that help stabilize pricing, reduce lead times and enhance planning
accuracy. We do not have long-term agreements with all suppliers that obligate them to continue to sell components, products required
to build our systems or products. Our reliance on suppliers without long-term binding contracts involves significant risks and uncertainties,
including whether our suppliers will provide an adequate supply of required components or products of sufficient quality, will increase
prices for the components or products and will perform their obligations on a timely basis. If any of our supplier’s face capacity constraints,
financial instability, or an unwillingness to provide raw materials or components to us, it may need to seek alternative suppliers or
revise its designs, particularly because some of the components are sourced from foreign countries. Locating alternative sources may take
significant time, and even then, we may encounter significant delays in manufacturing and shipping and encounter increased costs. Additionally,
credit constraints among key suppliers could impact our cash flow. We have also experienced rising costs for components, shipping, tariffs,
warehousing, and inventory. Our domestic suppliers have experienced increased demand for their products due to tariffs, which could impact
the availability or price of our components. The permanence of these cost increases remains uncertain, and obtaining replacement components
within our required time frames may prove challenging. Shortages could lead to excess inventory and potential obsolescence risks. In addition, certain raw materials and components
used in the manufacture of our products and in our development programs, are periodically subject to supply shortages, and our business
is subject to the risks of price increases and periodic delays in delivery. Our ability to stay competitive
within our markets may be dependent upon increasing manufacturing capacity to support anticipated growth and achieving cost reductions
and projected economies of scale from increasing manufacturing quantities of its products. Failing to adequately increase production capacity
and achieve such reductions in manufacturing costs and projected economies of scale could materially and adversely affect our business. Our future growth depends on increasing manufacturing
capacity of its products, and any failure to adequately increase such capacity could have a material adverse impact on our business and
operating results. We do not know whether or when we will be able to develop efficient, low-cost manufacturing capabilities and processes
that will enable it to manufacture its products in commercial quantities while meeting the volume, speed, quality, price, engineering,
design and production standards required to successfully market such products. Our failure to develop such manufacturing processes and
capabilities that can efficiently service its clients and markets could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition,
results of operations and prospects. Our ability to remain competitive is, in part, dependent upon achieving increased savings from volume
purchases of raw materials and component parts, achieving acceptable manufacturing yield and capitalizing on machinery efficiencies. We are subject to a number of supply risks
concerning our Blue List products which could adversely impact our ability to deliver such products to the United States Government and
commercial customers. We purchase certain Blue UAS products from a privately-held
United States based manufacturer pursuant to purchase orders. We are subject to a number of risks including: · we do not have a supply agreement requiring the
manufacturer to produce a specified volume per year; · the manufacturer expects to deliver product quantities
to us over a pre-determined period which increases the likelihood we may be unable to meet a large order from one or more customers; 12 · beyond the initial purchase orders, we have no
assurances on future pricing which means future costs could adversely affect our marketing and future gross margins; · because we have no non-compete from the manufacturer,
it could manufacture the same products for our competitors; · we have no representations from the manufacturer
on its intellectual property ownership of our products; and · because we are not the manufacturer, we are subject
to a number of risks including timely deliveries and quality control. Because we rely on a limited number of suppliers, for our component
parts our business may be adversely affected . The drone industry relies on limited sources to
supply certain components and materials used in the manufacturing of drone components. We are seeking to purchase certain components or
sub-components from suppliers based in the United States, which may lead us to pay higher prices, or select parts from a more limited
number of suppliers relative to our competitors, which would adversely impact our gross margins and operating results. In addition, the
outcome of the United States tariff policies could significantly increase the cost of our component parts. We will also be forced to increase
prices to our customers which could result in decreased sales, especially if there is an economic recession. Our operating results could
be materially and adversely impacted if our suppliers do not provide the critical components used to assemble our products on a timely
basis, at a reasonable price, and in sufficient quantities. Some of the key components used to manufacture
our products come from a limited supply, or by a supplier that could potentially become a competitor. Our contract manufacturers generally
purchase these components on our behalf from approved suppliers. We are subject to the risk of shortages and long lead times in the supply
of these components and the risk that our suppliers discontinue or modify components used in our products. In addition, the lead times
associated with certain components are lengthy and preclude rapid changes in quantities and delivery schedules. We order inventory on
a purchase order basis, and these firms do not have a contractual obligation to provide adequate supply or acceptable pricing to us on
a long-term basis. These suppliers could discontinue sourcing merchandise for us at any time. If we lose access to components from a particular
supplier or experience a significant disruption in the supply of products and components from a current supplier, we may be unable to
locate alternative suppliers of comparable quality at an acceptable price, or at all, and our business could be materially and adversely
affected. If any of these suppliers were to discontinue its relationship with us, or discontinue providing specific products to us, and
we are unable to contract with a new supplier that can meet our requirements, or if they or such other supplier were to suffer a disruption
in their production, we could experience disruption of our inventory flow, a decrease in sales and the possible need to re-design our
products. Any such event could disrupt our operations and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
In addition, if we experience a significant increase in demand for our products, our suppliers might not have the capacity or elect not
to meet our needs as they allocate components to other customers. Developing suitable alternate sources of supply for these components
may be time-consuming, difficult and costly, and we may not be able to source these components on terms that are acceptable to us, or
at all, which may adversely affect our ability to fill our orders in a timely or cost-effective manner. Identifying a suitable supplier
is an involved process that requires us to become satisfied with the supplier’s quality control, responsiveness and service, financial
stability, labor and other ethical practices, and if we seek to source materials from new suppliers, there can be no assurance that we
could do so in a manner that does not disrupt the manufacture and sale of our products. Our reliance on a small number of suppliers involves
a number of additional risks, including risks related to supplier capacity constraints, price increases, timely delivery, component quality,
failure of a key supplier to remain in business and adjust to market conditions, delays in, or the inability to execute on, a supplier
roadmap for components and technologies; and natural disasters, fire, acts of terrorism or other catastrophic events, including global
pandemics. 13 The development and manufacturing of headsets
encompasses several complex processes and several steps of our production processes are dependent upon third party vendors, supply chains,
the availability of PCBs, optics, and certain chips. Any change in availability of these components, manufacturing or design partners
could result in delivery interruptions, which could adversely affect our operating results. As we continue to develop our products, we must progress through the complex
and challenging processes involved in the technology and designs on which Fat Shark and Rotor Riot products are based. Fat Shark and Rotor
Riot rely on third party suppliers for the resources needed to navigate these processes and expect to continue to rely on such parties
when we manufacture and market our component parts. Our reliance on third-party manufacturers and service providers will entail risks
to which we may not be subject if our future operations were more vertically integrated, including: · the ongoing supply chain shortages, and any future
supply chain and logistics challenges that we or our vendors may face in the future, including due to the reliance on lithium-ion batteries
and other materials for our products; · the inability to meet any product specifications
and quality requirements consistently; · the impact of tariffs, the availability of United
States supply sources and the impact of higher prices; · discontinuation or recall of products or component
parts; · manufacturing and product quality issues related
to scale-up of manufacturing; · costs and validation of new equipment and facilities
required for scale-up; · a failure to comply with applicable regulatory
and safety standards in the United States and foreign markets in which we or our collaborators operate; · the inability to negotiate manufacturing and
service agreements with third parties under commercially reasonable terms; · the possibility of breach or termination or nonrenewal
of agreements with third parties in a manner that is costly or damaging to our subsidiaries; · Our subsidiaries do not always execute definitive
written agreements with their vendors, particularly those located in China, which exposes them to possible disputes concerning the existence
or terms of their agreements and their intellectual property rights; · the reliance on a few sources, and sometimes,
single sources for raw materials and components, such that if they cannot secure a sufficient supply of these product components, they
cannot manufacture and sell products in a timely fashion, in sufficient quantities or under acceptable terms; · operations of these third-party manufacturers,
suppliers or service providers could be disrupted by conditions unrelated to our subsidiaries’ business or operations, including
the bankruptcy of the party; · carrier disruptions or increased costs beyond
our subsidiaries’ control; · possible misappropriation of our subsidiaries’
proprietary technology; and · failing to deliver products under specified storage
conditions and in a timely manner. 14 Any of these factors could result in a material
and adverse affect upon our results of operations. Because our new manufacturing business
has inherent risks, such risks may adversely impact us. We have recently opened drone motor and drone
headset manufacturing facilities. We are using our initial facility to assemble drones for a customer, and plan to open a
battery pack assembly and drone camera manufacturing facility in late 2026. There are inherent risks in connection with launching
our component manufacturing business, which include: · the need to expend working capital to purchase manufacturing equipment,
rent facilities and to hire personnel with the requisite skills to fabricate drone motors, headsets, batteries and cameras which could
initially have an adverse effect on our working capital; · the manufacturing equipment and software that
we acquire may have bugs or may not be in sound working order and the products we manufacture may not be manufactured in accordance with
our or our customers specifications, which result in conflicts with customers, the loss of revenues or damage to our reputation; and · we may encounter cost overruns for a variety
of reasons which due to fixed priced customer orders leads to operating losses. Our products, including motors, batteries, and
other advanced components, rely on rare earth metals for their manufacturing, of which a significant majority are sourced from China.
Any disruption in the supply of these metals could adversely affect our ability to produce and deliver our products. Factors that might
lead to such disruptions include geopolitical tensions, trade restrictions, supply chain bottlenecks, and environmental regulations affecting
mining operations. A limited supply or increased cost of rare earth metals could lead to higher production costs, delays in manufacturing
schedules, and potential inability to meet customer demand, thereby impacting our revenue and growth plans. Managing these risks necessitates
close monitoring of supply chains, diversification of suppliers, and the pursuit of alternative materials or technologies where possible. Escalating restrictions between the U.S. and China
contribute to supply chain complexities. Some of our components sourced from foreign countries, including China, are at risk of further
sanctions and other trade restrictive actions, and any escalation in global trade tensions or trade restrictions may hinder our ability
to obtain these components from new suppliers. Restrictions on semiconductor manufacturing equipment and raw materials could lead to higher
material costs, material unavailability, and transportation uncertainty. Product quality issues and a higher-than-expected
number of warranty claims or returns could harm our business and operating results. The products that we sell including the new drone
motors, headsets and cameras we manufacture could contain defects in design or manufacture. There can be no assurance we will be able
to detect and remedy all defects in the products we sell, which could result in product recalls, product redesign efforts, loss of revenue,
reputational damage and significant warranty and other remediation expenses. Similar to other mobile and consumer electronics, our products
have a risk of overheating in the course of usage or upon malfunction. Any such defect could result in harm to property or in personal
injury. If we determine that a product does not meet product quality standards or may contain a defect, the launch of such product could
be delayed until we remedy the quality issue or defect. The costs associated with any protracted delay necessary to remedy a quality
issue or defect in a new product could be substantial. 15 Fat Shark generally provides a one-year warranty
on all of its products, except in certain European countries where it can be two years for some consumer-focused products. Rotor Lab does not provide any warranty, but does provide for a seven
day defect period. Unusual Machines, the parent company which manufactures
motors, has a limited warranty in which it warrants to customers that their products will be free from defects in material and workmanship
under normal use and service for up to 90 days. The limited warranty covers manufacturing defects and premature failures and extends only
to the original customer and is non-transferrable. The occurrence of any material defects in our
products could expose us to liability for damages and warranty claims in excess of our current reserves, and we could incur significant
costs to correct any defects, warranty claims or other problems. In addition, if any of our product designs are defective or are alleged
to be defective, we may be required to participate in a recall campaign. In part due to the terms of our warranty policies, any failure
rate of our products that exceeds our expectations may result in unanticipated losses. Any negative publicity related to the perceived
quality of our products could affect our brand images and decrease retailer, distributor and consumer confidence and demand, which could
adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. Further, accidental damage coverage and extended warranties are regulated
in the United States at the state level and are treated differently within each state. Additionally, outside of the United States, regulations
for extended warranties and accidental damage vary from country-to-country. Changes in interpretation of the regulations concerning extended
warranties and accidental damage coverage on a federal, state, local or international level may cause us to incur costs or have additional
regulatory requirements to meet in the future in order to continue to offer its support services. Our failure to comply with past, present
and future similar laws could result in reduced sales of its products, reputational damage, penalties and other sanctions, which could
harm our business. Estimated future product warranty claims may be
based on a variety of factors including the expected number of field failures over the warranty commitment period, the term of the product
warranty period, and the costs for repair, replacement and other associated costs. Because of the foregoing or other contingencies, these
estimates could prove to be incorrect, such that the warranty obligations are higher than anticipated. Warranty obligations may be affected
by product failure rates, claims levels, material usage and product re-integration and handling costs. Should actual product failure rates,
claims levels, material usage, product re-integration and handling costs, defects, errors, bugs or other issues differ from original estimates,
Fat Shark could end up incurring materially higher warranty or recall expenses than anticipated, which would materially adversely affect
our business. If we lose key personnel, it may adversely
affect our business. Our future success depends in large part on the
continued contributions of our executive officers, members of senior management and other key personnel, particularly Dr. Allan Evans,
our Chief Executive Officer and Mr. Andrew Camden, our President. In particular, we believe that Dr. Evans’ leadership, knowledge
and experience in the drone industry has been critical to our growth, our significant working capital and any future successes and progress
we may experience. The loss of the services of Dr. Evans or Mr. Camden could therefore materially and adversely affect our business and
prospects. Our executive officers, senior management and key personnel can terminate their services with us at any time, for any reason
and without notice. The loss of any of our key management personnel could significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our development
and strategic objectives and adversely affect our business. If we are unable to attract, integrate and
retain additional qualified personnel, including top technical talent, our business could be adversely affected. Our future success depends in part on our ability
to identify, attract, integrate and retain highly skilled technical, managerial, sales and other personnel, particularly as we attempt
to expand our operations and further develop and market our products. We face intense competition for a limited number of qualified middle
management individuals with the requisite skills and experience from numerous other companies, including other software and technology
companies, many of whom have greater financial and other resources than we do. These companies also may provide more diverse opportunities
and better chances for career advancement. Some of these characteristics may be more appealing to high-quality candidates than those we
have to offer. Potential new employees may be unwilling or unable to relocate to the Orlando, Forida area. In addition, new hires often
require significant training and, in many cases, take significant time before they achieve full productivity. We may incur significant
costs to attract and retain qualified personnel, including significant expenditures related to salaries and benefits and compensation
expenses related to equity awards, and we may lose new employees to competitors or other companies before we realize the benefit of our
investment in recruiting and training employees. Moreover, new employees may not be or become as productive as we expect, as we may face
challenges in adequately or appropriately integrating them into our workforce and culture. If we are unable to attract, integrate and
retain suitably qualified individuals who are capable of meeting our growing technical, operational and managerial requirements, on a
timely basis or at all, our business will be adversely affected. 16 Future growth and ability to generate and grow
revenue and achieve or maintain profitability may be adversely affected if our marketing initiatives are not effective in generating sufficient
levels of brand awareness . Our future growth and profitability will depend
in large part upon the effectiveness and efficiency of our marketing efforts, including our ability to: · create awareness of brands and products; · convert awareness into actual product purchases; · effectively manage marketing costs (including
creative and media) in order to maintain acceptable operating margins and return on marketing investment; and · successfully offer to sell products or license
technology to third-party companies for sale. Planned marketing expenditures are unknown and
may not result in increased total sales or generate sufficient levels of product and brand name awareness. We may not be able to manage
marketing expenditures on a cost-effective basis. If our facilities
and information technology systems or those of our key suppliers are damaged as a result of disasters or unpredictable events, it could
have an adverse effect on our business operations. Our new manufacturing facilities are located in
Orlando, Florida. We also rely on third-party manufacturing plants in the U.S., Asia and other parts of the world to provide key components
for our products. If major disasters such as hurricanes, tornadoes, pandemics, earthquakes, fires, floods, wars, terrorist attacks, computer
viruses, transportation disasters or other events occur in any of these locations, or our information technology systems or communications
network or those of any of its key component suppliers breaks down or operates improperly as a result of such events, its facilities or
those of its key suppliers may be seriously damaged, and we may have to stop or delay production and shipment of its products. We may
also incur expenses relating to such damages. If production or shipment of our products or components is stopped or delayed or if we incur
any increased expenses as a result of damage to its facilities, its business, operating results and financial condition could be materially
and adversely affected. Any failures of or damage to, attack on or
unauthorized access to our information technology systems or facilities or disruptions to our continuous operations, including the systems,
facilities or operations of third parties with which we do business, such as resulting from cybersecurity attacks, could result in significant
costs, reputational damage and limits on our ability to conduct our business activities. Our operations depend on information technology
infrastructure and computer systems, both internal and external, to, among other things, record and process customer and supplier data,
marketing activities and other data and functions and to maintain that data and information securely. In recent years, a number of
companies have suffered successful cybersecurity attacks launched both domestically and from abroad, resulting in the disruption
of services to customers, loss or misappropriation of sensitive or private data and reputational harm. If we are subject to a cybersecurity
attack, we could suffer a similar breach or suspension in the future. Further, we may be unaware of a prior attack and the damage caused
thereby until a future time when remedial actions cannot be taken. Cybersecurity threats are often sophisticated and are continually
evolving. We may not implement effective systems and other measures to effectively identify, detect, prevent, mitigate, recover from or
remediate the full diversity of cybersecurity threats or improve and adapt such systems and measures as such threats evolve and advance
in their ability to avoid detection. 17 A cybersecurity incident, or a failure to
protect our technology infrastructure, systems and information and our customers, suppliers and others’ information against cybersecurity threats,
could result in the theft, loss, unauthorized access to, disclosure, misuse or alteration of information, system failures or outages or
loss of access to information. The expectations of our customers with respect to the resiliency of its systems and the adequacy of its
control environment with respect to such systems may increase as the risk of cybersecurity attacks, and the consequences of those attacks
become more pronounced. We may not be successful in meeting those expectations or in its efforts to identify, detect, prevent, mitigate
and respond to such cybersecurity incidents or for its systems to recover in a manner that does not disrupt its ability to provide
products and services to its customers or product personal, private or sensitive information about its business, customers or other third
parties. The failure to maintain an adequate
technology infrastructure and applications with effective cybersecurity controls could impact operations, adversely affect our
financial results, result in loss of business, damage our reputation or impact our ability to comply with regulatory obligations,
leading to regulatory fines and sanctions. We may be required to expend significant additional resources to modify,
investigate or remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures arising from cybersecurity threats. Failing to prevent or properly
respond to a cybersecurity attack could expose to civil liability, cause us to lose customers or suppliers, impair its ability to
maintain continuous operations, and inhibit our ability to meet regulatory requirements. If we fail to comply with United States and
foreign laws related to privacy, data security, and data protection, it could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. We, either directly or through our customers,
collaborators or end-users of our products, are or may become subject to a variety of laws and regulations regarding privacy, data protection,
and data security. This includes the European Union’s (“EU”) General Data Protection Regulation (the “EU GDPR”)
and the United Kingdom’s General Data Protection Regulations (the “UK GDPR”) (collectively, the “GDPR”)
and Canada’s Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“PIPEDA”). Other countries where we may
seek to do business also may have data privacy laws we will be required to comply with. These laws and regulations are continuously evolving
and developing. The scope and interpretation of the laws that are or may be applicable to us are often uncertain and may be conflicting,
particularly with respect to foreign laws. The application of these laws and regulations can arise from our e-commerce platform, social
media activities, drone technology and applications, relationships with third parties and their operations, or from other activities
we undertake now or that we may undertake in the future. Data privacy and protection regulations are frequently broad in terms of scope
of the information protected, activities affected, and geographic reach. In the United States federal, state, and local
governments have enacted numerous data privacy and security laws, including data breach notification laws, personal data and privacy laws,
consumer protection laws and other similar laws. Certain U.S. states have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws that impose significant
and costly obligations on covered business, including providing specific disclosures in privacy notices and affording residents with certain
rights concerning their personal data. As applicable, such rights may include the right to access, correct or delete certain personal
data, and to opt-out of certain data processing activities, such as targeted advertising, profiling and automated decision-making. The
exercise of these rights may impact our business and ability to effectively provide our products and services.. Moreover, specific states also impose more stringent
requirements for processing certain personal data, including sensitive information, such as conducting data privacy impact assessments.
These state laws allow for statutory fines for noncompliance. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 applies to personal
data of consumers, business representatives and employees who are California residents, and requires businesses subject to the law to
provide specific disclosures in privacy notices and respond to requests of such individuals to exercise certain privacy rights. In September
2025, (and effective January 1, 2026) California amended the CCPA to (i) regulate technologies that replace or substantially replace human
decisions, (ii) require comprehensive risk assessment reports that address specific processing activities that present a significant risk
to a consumer’s privacy, and (iii) clarify when a cyber security audit must be conducted. These updated regulations expand the scope
and compliance obligations of the CCPA. The CCPA provides for fines of up to $2,500 per unintentional violation and up to $7,500 per intentional
violation (as adjusted from time to time) and allows individuals affected by certain data breaches to recover statutory damages up to
$750 per consumer per incident. The costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by, the CCPA, GDPR, and similar laws may limit
the use and adoption of our products and services and/or require us to incur substantial compliance costs, which could have an adverse
impact on our business. 18 As noted, in addition to the CCPA, the United
States currently has a number of states that have data privacy laws in place, or data privacy laws set to soon take effect ranging from
narrow to comprehensive in nature. During the 2025 legislative cycle, comprehensive privacy reform was not prevalent in state legislatures,
but several states with existing privacy statutes expanded the scope of their privacy frameworks, including Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia,
Utah, Texas, Oregon, Montana, and Kentucky. This patchwork approach to privacy legislation could pose compliance and liability risks for
companies that have multistate operations. Proposed and enacted bills in various states have similar rights in preexisting privacy legislation
but differ in implementation and enforcement. Outside of the United States, an increasing number
of laws, regulations and industry standards govern data privacy and security. For example, the EU GDPR, the UK GDPR, and PIPEDA (as well
as various related provincial laws) impose strict requirements for processing personal data. Specifically, in Europe and the United Kingdom,
companies may face temporary or definitive bans on data processing and other corrective actions including fines of up to €20 million
under the EU GDPR, £17.5 million under the UK GDPR or, in each case, 4% of annual global revenue, whichever is greater or private
litigation related to processing of personal data brought by classes of data subjects or consumer protection organizations authorized
at law to represent their interests. In Europe, the Network and Information Security Directive (“NIS2”) regulates resilience
and incident response capabilities of entities operating in a number of sectors. Non-compliance with NIS2 may lead to administrative fines
of up to €10 million or up to 2% of the total worldwide revenue of the preceding fiscal year. We seek to comply with all applicable laws, policies,
legal obligations, and industry codes of conduct relating to privacy, data security, and data protection. Our cash resources may adversely
affect our compliance effort. Given that the scope, interpretation, and application of these laws and regulations are often uncertain
and may be in conflict across jurisdictions, it is possible that these obligations may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is
inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict with other rules or our practices. Any failure or perceived failure by
us, customers, or third-party vendors or end-users involved with our products to comply with our privacy or security policies or privacy-related
legal obligations, or any compromise of security that results in the unauthorized release or transfer of personal data, may result in
governmental enforcement actions, litigation, or negative publicity, and could have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial
condition. Governments are continuing to focus on privacy
and data security, and it is possible that new privacy or data security laws will be passed or existing laws will be amended in a way
that is material to our business. Any significant change to applicable laws, regulations, or industry practices regarding the personal
data of our employees, agents or customers could require us to modify our practices and may limit our ability to expand or sustain our
salesforce or bring our products to market. Changes to applicable laws and regulations in this area could subject us to additional regulation
and oversight, any of which could significantly increase our operating costs and materially affect our operating results and financial
condition. If we are involved in litigation, it could
harm our business or otherwise distract management. If we become a party to a substantial, complex
or extended litigation, it could cause us to incur large expenditures and could distract management. For example, lawsuits by licensors,
consumers, employees or stockholders or litigation with federal, state or local governments or regulatory bodies could be very costly
and disrupt business. As described elsewhere in these

