TICKER: UMBF
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chains may be adversely affected by the impact of military conflict, including the current conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East, terrorism, or other geopolitical events, including in Venezuela. Increased delinquencies or defaults could result as well from the Company adopting—for strategic, competitive, or other reasons—more liberal origination or underwriting standards for extensions of credit or other dealings with its customers or counterparties. Further, changes to U.S. global policy, including as it relates to tariffs, trade disputes and renewing or changing trade agreements with various countries, could affect the Company’s results of operations. The global economy, the strength of the U.S. dollar, international trade conditions, and oil prices may ultimately affect interest rates, business import/export activity, capital expenditures by businesses, and investor confidence. Unfavorable changes in those factors may result in declines in consumer credit usage, increased delinquencies and defaults, and reduced loan demand. If delinquencies or defaults on the Company’s loans or investment securities increase, their value and the income derived from them could be adversely affected, and the Company could incur administrative and other costs in seeking a recovery on its claims and any collateral. Weak or deteriorating economic conditions also may negatively impact the market value and liquidity of the Company’s investment securities, and the Company may be required to record additional impairment charges if investment securities suffer a decline in value that is determined to have resulted from a credit loss.  In addition, to the extent that loan charge-offs exceed estimates, an increase to the amount of provision expense related to the allowance for credit losses would reduce the Company’s income. See “Quantitative and Qualitative 16 Disclosures About Market Risk—Credit Risk Management” in Part II, Item 7A of this report for a discussion of how the Company monitors and manages credit risk. A financial or systemic shock and a failure of a significant counterparty or a significant group of counterparties could negatively impact the Company, possibly to a severe degree, due to its role as a financial intermediary and the interconnectedness of the financial system. A meaningful part of the Company’s loan portfolio is secured by real estate and, as a result, could be negatively impacted by deteriorating or volatile real estate markets, the economic environment or associated environmental liabilities. At December 31, 2025, 53.7% of the Company’s aggregate loan portfolio—comprised of commercial real estate loans (representing 42.2% of the aggregate loan portfolio) and consumer real estate loans (representing 11.4% of the aggregate loan portfolio)—was primarily secured by interests in real estate located in the States where the Company operates. Other credit extended by the Company may be secured in part by real estate as well.  Real estate values in the markets where this collateral is located may be different from, and in some instances worse than, real estate values in other markets or in the United States as a whole and may be affected by general economic conditions and a variety of other factors outside of the control of the Company or its customers. Any deterioration or volatility in these real estate markets could result in increased delinquencies or defaults, could adversely affect the value of the loans and the income to be derived from them, could give rise to unreimbursed recovery costs, and could reduce the demand for new or additional credit and related banking products and other services, all to the detriment of the Company’s business and performance. In recent years, commercial real estate markets have been particularly impacted by the economic and other disruptions resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic and its aftermath. Repayment of commercial real estate, which typically involves higher loan principal amounts as compared to consumer real estate lending, is often dependent on the successful operation of the business conducted on the property securing the loans. Negative shifts in economic conditions can impact the borrower’s ability to pay. Failures in the Company’s risk management policies, procedures and controls could adversely affect its ability to manage this portfolio going forward and could result in an increased rate of delinquencies in, and increased losses from, this portfolio, which could negatively impact the Company’s operating and financial performance. In addition, if hazardous or toxic substances were found on any real estate that the Company acquires in foreclosure or otherwise, the Company may incur substantial liability for compliance and remediation costs, personal injury, or property damage. Challenging business, economic, or market conditions could adversely affect the Company’s fee-based banking, investment-management, asset-servicing, or other businesses. The Company’s fee-based banking, investment-management, asset-servicing, and other businesses are driven by wealth creation in the economy, robust market activity, monetary and fiscal stability, and positive investor, business, and consumer sentiment. Economic downturns, market disruptions, high unemployment or underemployment, unsustainable debt levels, depressed real estate markets, industry consolidations, or other challenging business, economic, or market conditions could adversely affect these businesses and their results. If the funds or other groups that are clients of UMBFS were to encounter similar difficulties, UMBFS’s revenue could suffer. The Company’s bank-card revenue is driven primarily by transaction volumes in business, healthcare, and consumer spending that generate interchange fees, and any of these conditions could dampen those volumes. Economic or market conditions, such as increased use of digital currencies and cryptocurrencies (including stablecoin) can also reduce the usage of credit cards in general and the average purchase amount of transactions, which reduces interest income and transaction fees. Other fee-based banking businesses that could be adversely affected include trading, asset management, custody, trust, and cash and treasury management. In addition, legislative and regulatory changes could reduce the amounts and types of fees financial institutions may charge, including the FRB’s Regulation II on debit card interchange fees and potential legislation imposing a cap on credit card interest rates. Liquidity is essential to the Company and its business or performance could be adversely affected by constraints in, or increased costs for, funding. The Company defines liquidity as the ability to fund increases in assets and meet obligations as they come due, all without incurring unacceptable losses.  Banks are especially vulnerable to liquidity risk because of their role in the maturity transformation of demand or short-term deposits into longer-term loans or other extensions of credit.  The Company, like other financial-services companies, relies to a significant extent on external sources of funding (such as deposits and borrowings) for the liquidity needed to conduct its business. A number of factors beyond the Company’s control, however, could have a detrimental impact on the availability or cost of that funding and thus on its liquidity. These factors include market disruptions, changes in its credit ratings or the sentiment of its investors, the state of the regulatory environment and monetary and fiscal policies, declines in the value of its investment securities, the loss of substantial deposits or customer relationships, financial or systemic shocks, significant counterparty failures, and reputational damage. Unexpected declines or limits on the dividends declared and paid by the Company’s subsidiaries also could adversely affect its liquidity position. While the Company’s policies and controls are designed to ensure that it maintains adequate liquidity to 17 conduct its business in the ordinary course even in a stressed environment, there can be no assurance that its liquidity position will never become compromised. In the event that the Company’s current sources of liquidity do not satisfy its needs, the Company would be required to seek additional financing. The availability of such financing will depend on a variety of factors, such as market conditions, the general availability of credit to the financial services industry, new regulatory restrictions and requirements, and the Company’s credit ratings. See risk below “Regulatory or supervisory requirements, future growth, operating results, or strategic plans may prompt the Company to raise additional capital, but that capital may not be available at all or on favorable terms and, if raised, may be dilutive.” There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain financing at desirable terms or at all. In such an event, the Company may also be required to sell assets at a loss in order to continue its operations. This could damage the performance and value of its business, prompt regulatory intervention, and harm its reputation, and if the condition were to persist for any appreciable period of time, its viability as a going concern could be threatened. See “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk—Liquidity Risk” in Part II, Item 7A of this report for a discussion of how the Company monitors and manages liquidity risk. The Company’s investment-management and asset-servicing businesses could be negatively impacted by declines in assets under management or administration or by shifts in the mix of assets under management or administration. The revenues of the Company’s investment-management businesses are highly dependent on advisory fee income.  These businesses generally earn higher fees on equity-based or alternative investments and strategies and lower fees on fixed income investments and strategies. Advisory-fee income may be negatively impacted by an absolute decline in assets under management or by a shift in the mix of assets under management from equities or alternatives to fixed income. Such a decline or shift could be caused or influenced by any number of factors, such as underperformance in absolute or relative terms, loss of key advisers or other talent, changes in investing preferences or trends, market downturns or volatility, drops in investor confidence, reputational damage, increased competition, or general economic conditions. Any of these factors also could affect clients of UMBFS, and if this were to cause a decline in assets under administration at UMBFS or an adverse shift in the mix of those assets, the performance of UMBFS could suffer. To the extent that the Company continues to maintain a sizeable portfolio of investment securities, its income may be adversely affected and its reported equity more volatile, and the portfolio values may be adversely impacted by deterioration in the credit quality of underlying collateral within the various categories of investment securities it owns. As of December 31, 2025, the Company’s securities portfolio totaled approximately $20.1 billion, which represented approximately 27.5% of its total assets.  Regulatory restrictions and the Company’s investment policies generally result in the acquisition of securities with lower yields than loans.  For the year-ended December 31, 2025, the weighted average yield of the Company’s securities portfolio was 3.68% as compared to 6.70% for its loan portfolio.  Accordingly, to the extent that the Company is unable to effectively deploy its funds to originate or acquire loans or other assets with higher yields than those of its investment securities, the Company’s income may be negatively impacted.  Additionally, approximately $13.7 billion, or 68.1%, of the Company’s investment securities are classified as available for sale and reported at fair value. Unrealized gains or losses on these securities are excluded from earnings and reported in other comprehensive income, which in turn affects the Company’s reported equity.  As a result, to the extent that the Company continues to maintain a significant portfolio of available-for-sale securities, its reported equity may experience greater volatility. The Company generally invests in liquid, investment-grade securities; however, these securities are subject to changes in market value due to changing interest rates and implied credit spreads. While the Company maintains prudent risk management practices over bonds issued by municipalities and other issuers, credit deterioration in these bonds could occur and result in losses. Under accounting rules, when an available for sale debt security is in an unrealized loss position, the entire loss in fair value is required to be recognized in current earnings if the Company intends to sell the security or believes it is more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell the security before the value recovers. Additionally, the current expected credit losses (CECL) model utilized by the Company requires that lifetime expected credit losses on securities be recorded in current earnings. This could result in significant losses. The Company may experience increases or fluctuations in delinquencies and credit losses, or the Company may incorrectly estimate expected losses, which could result in inadequate reserves. Like other lenders, the Company faces the risk that its customers will not repay their loans. A customer’s ability and willingness to repay can be adversely affected by decreases in the income of the borrower or increases in their payment obligations to other lenders, whether as a result of a job loss, higher debt levels or rising cost of servicing debt, inflation outpacing wage growth, or by restricted availability of credit generally. The Company may fail to 18 quickly identify and reduce its exposure to customers that are likely to default on their payment obligations, whether by closing credit lines or restricting authorizations. The Company’s ability to manage credit risk also is affected by legal or regulatory changes (such as restrictions on collections, bankruptcy laws, minimum payment regulations and re-age guidance), competitors’ actions and consumer behavior, and depends on the effectiveness of its collections staff, techniques and models. Rising credit losses or leading indicators of rising credit losses (such as higher delinquencies, higher rates of nonperforming loans, higher bankruptcy rates, lower collateral values, elevated unemployment rates or changing market terms) may require the Company to increase its allowance for credit losses, which would decrease its profitability if it is unable to raise revenue or reduce costs to compensate for higher credit losses, whether actual or expected. In particular, the Company faces the following risks in this area: • Missed payments: Customers may fail to make required payments on time and may default or become delinquent. Loan charge-offs (including from bankruptcies) are generally preceded by missed payments or other indications of worsening financial conditions for the Company’s customers. Historically, customers are more likely to miss payments during an economic downturn, recession, periods of high unemployment, or prolonged periods of slow economic growth. Customers might also be more likely to miss payments if the payment burdens on their existing debt grow due to rising interest rates, or if inflation outpaces wage growth. • Incorrect estimates of expected credit losses: The credit quality of the Company’s loan portfolios can have a significant impact on its earnings. The Company allows for and reserves against credit risks based on an assessment of expected credit losses in its loan portfolios. This process, which is critical to the Company’s financial condition and results of operations, requires complex judgments, including forecasts of economic conditions. The Company may underestimate its expected credit losses and fail to hold an allowance for credit losses sufficient to account for these credit losses. Incorrect assumptions could lead to material underestimations of expected credit losses and an inadequate allowance for credit losses. See risk below “The Company’s selection of accounting methods, assumptions, and estimates could impact its financial statements and reported earnings.” • Inaccurate underwriting: The Company’s ability to accurately assess the creditworthiness of its customers may diminish, which could result in an increase in credit losses and a deterioration of returns. • Insufficient asset values: The collateral the Company has on secured loans could be insufficient to compensate it for credit losses. When customers default on their secured loans, the Company attempts to recover collateral where permissible and appropriate. However, the value of the collateral may not be sufficient to compensate the Company for the amount of the unpaid loan, and the Company may be unsuccessful in recovering the remaining balance from our customers. Decreases in real estate and other asset values adversely affect the collateral value for the Company’s commercial lending activities. Borrowers may be less likely to continue making payments on loans if the value of the property used as collateral for the loan is less than what the borrower owes, even if the borrower is still financially able to make the payments. In that circumstance, the recovery of such property could be insufficient to compensate the Company for the value of these loans upon a default. • Geographic and industry concentration: The regional economic conditions in any particular region may affect the demand for the Company’s products and services as well as the ability of its customers to repay their commercial real estate loans and the value of the collateral securing these loans. An economic downturn or prolonged period of slow economic growth in, or a catastrophic event or natural disaster that disproportionately affects a particular region in which the Company is more heavily concentrated could have a material adverse effect on the performance of the Company’s commercial real estate loan portfolio and its results of operations. Cybersecurity incidents and other security breaches of the Company’s information technology systems, or the information technology systems of the Company’s third-party service providers or their third-party service providers, the Company’s counterparties, or in the business community may negatively impact the Company’s business or performance. In the ordinary course of its business, the Company collects, stores, and transmits sensitive, confidential, or proprietary data and other information, including intellectual property, business information, funds-transfer instructions, and the personally identifiable information of its customers and employees. The secure processing, storage, maintenance, and transmission of this information is critical to the Company’s operations and reputation, and if any of this information were mishandled, misused, improperly accessed, lost, breached, held hostage or stolen, or if the Company’s operations were disrupted, the Company could suffer 19 significant financial, business, reputational, regulatory, or other damage.  Failures or errors in, or breach of the Company’s systems or networks, or those of its third-party service providers or their third-party service providers (collectively, third party service providers), or the Company’s counterparties, may expose the Company to litigation, disclosure requirements, remediation costs, increased costs for security measures, loss of revenue, regulatory scrutiny, governmental investigation and/or other actions, and other potential liability. For example, despite security measures, the Company’s or its third-party service providers’ information technology and infrastructure may be breached or rendered inaccessible due to a variety of factors, including from infrastructure changes or failures, introductions of new functionality, human or software errors, service failures, operational and technological outages, capacity constraints, loss or theft of assets, natural disasters, terrorist attacks, power outages, data breaches, cyber-attacks, denial of service attacks, hacking, ransomware and other computer viruses or malware, or acts of misconduct through pretext calls, electronic phishing or other means, and, as a result, an unauthorized party may obtain access to the Company’s or its customers’ confidential, proprietary, personal, or sensitive data. These risks and uncertainties are rapidly evolving and increasing in complexity, and the Company’s failure to effectively mitigate them could negatively impact its business and operations. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently or may be designed to remain dormant until a predetermined event, and often are not recognized until launched against a target, the Company or its third-party service providers may be unable to anticipate or detect these techniques or implement adequate preventative or remedial measures. Though it is difficult to determine what harm may directly result from any specific interruption or data breach, any failure to maintain performance, reliability, security, and availability of the Company’s network infrastructure and the information processed thereby may harm the Company’s brand, its ability to retain existing customers and attract new customers, and its ability to operate. Risks and exposures related to cybersecurity attacks, particularly for financial institutions, are expected to remain high for the foreseeable future due to the rapidly evolving nature and sophistication of these threats and the expanding use of technology-based products and services by the Company, its third-party service providers, and its customers. The Company can provide no assurances that the safeguards it or its third-party service providers have in place or may implement in the future will prevent all unauthorized infiltrations or breaches and that the Company will not suffer losses related to a security breach in the future, which losses may be material. As noted above, third-party service providers also present a source of risk to the Company if their own security measures or other systems or infrastructure were to be breached or subject to another cybersecurity incident, rendered inaccessible or interrupted, experience an outage, downtime or degradation in service, or otherwise fail or experience adverse conditions (including conditions which interfere with the Company’s access to and use of such third-party services). The Company’s ability to monitor its third-party service providers’ cybersecurity practices is inherently limited. Although the agreements that the Company has in place with its third-party service providers generally include requirements relating to privacy, data protection and data security where and as appropriate, the Company cannot guarantee that such agreements will prevent a cyber incident impacting the Company’s systems or information or enable it to obtain adequate or any reimbursement from its third-party service providers in the event the Company should suffer any such incidents. In addition, due to applicable laws and regulations or contractual obligations, the Company may be held responsible for cyber incidents attributed to its third-party service providers as they relate to the information shared with them. Likewise, a cyber-attack, hacking incident, or other security breach affecting the business community, the markets, or parts of them may cycle or cascade through the financial system and adversely affect the Company or its service providers or counterparties. Many of these risks and uncertainties are beyond the Company’s control. Any failure, attempted or successful data breach or other cybersecurity incident or significant disruption in the Company’s information technology infrastructure, or those of the Company’s third-party service providers, could lead to transaction delays, compromised cybersecurity or data, inability to access critical services, and a failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations and standards governing financial transactions, data privacy, and cybersecurity. The consequences of such disruptions could be severe, resulting in financial losses, identity theft, loss of consumer trust, regulatory fines, monetary damages or other penalties or fines as well as a tarnished reputation among customers, partners and other third parties, any of which could adversely affect the Company’s business, results of operations, financial condition and future prospects. Although the Company believes it has appropriate measures in place to help manage the risk, there can be no guarantee that its efforts will be effective in preventing a material loss event. 20 Even when an attempted cyber-attack, hacking incident or other security breach is successfully avoided or thwarted, the Company may need to expend substantial resources to avoid such breach, may be required to take actions that could adversely affect customer satisfaction or behavior, and may be exposed to reputational damage. Despite the Company’s efforts to safeguard the integrity of systems and controls and to manage third-party risk, the Company may not be able to anticipate or implement effective measures to prevent all security breaches or all risks to the sensitive, confidential, or proprietary information that it or its service providers or counterparties collect, store, or transmit. In some cases, the Company may not be able to identify the cause or causes of these performance problems immediately or in short order, and may face difficulties detecting, mitigating, remediating, and otherwise responding to any such issues. The trading volume in the Company’s common stock at times may be low, which could adversely affect liquidity and stock price. Although the Company’s common stock is listed for trading on the NASDAQ Global Select Market, the trading volume in the stock may at times be low and, in relative terms, less than that of other financial-services companies.  A public trading market that is deep, liquid, and orderly depends on the presence in the marketplace of a large number of willing buyers and sellers and narrow bid-ask spreads.  These market features, in turn, depend on a number of factors, such as the individual decisions of investors and general economic and market conditions, over which the Company has no control.  During any period of lower trading volume in the Company’s common stock, the stock price could be more volatile, and the liquidity of the stock could suffer. The Company operates in a highly regulated industry, and its business or performance could be adversely affected by the legal, regulatory and supervisory frameworks applicable to it, changes in those frameworks, and other legal and regulatory risks and uncertainties. The Company operates in a highly regulated industry and is subject to expansive legal and regulatory frameworks in the United States—at the federal, State, and local levels—and in the foreign jurisdictions where its business segments operate.  In addition, the Company is subject to the direct supervision and examination of government authorities charged with overseeing the kinds of financial activities conducted by the Company in its business segments and the taxation of domestic companies.  These legal, regulatory, and supervisory frameworks are designed to protect public or private interests, including protecting depositors and other customers of the Bank, the FDIC’s DIF and the banking and financial systems as a whole, that differ from the interests of the Company’s shareholders or non-deposit creditors. See “Government Monetary and Fiscal Policies” and “Regulation and Supervision” in Part I, Item 1 of this report, which is incorporated by reference herein. Regulatory scrutiny and the intensity of supervision of all financial-services companies is evolving, fundamental changes have been made to the banking, securities, and other laws that govern financial services, and a host of related business practices have been reexamined and reshaped in the relatively near term.  The Company expects to continue devoting increased time and resources to risk management, compliance, and regulatory change management.  The legislative, regulatory, and supervisory environment is beyond the Company’s control, may change rapidly and unpredictably, and may negatively influence the Company’s revenue, costs, earnings, growth, liquidity and capital levels. For example, the Company is unable to predict what, if any, changes to the regulatory environment may be enacted by Congress or the presidential administration and what the impact of any changes will be on the Company. Some of the regulations finalized in the prior administration that are applicable to financial institutions have been modified, rescinded or withdrawn or are subject to reevaluation, creating further uncertainty.  It is possible the expected changes in regulation do not occur or are reversed by a subsequent administration, or the regulatory measures that are ultimately enacted deliver significant competitive advantages to financial services that are structured differently or serve different markets than the Company. Risks also exist that government authorities could judge the Company’s business or other practices as unsafe, unsound, or otherwise unadvisable and bring formal or informal corrective or enforcement actions against it, including fines or other penalties and directives to change its products or other services.  For example, the federal banking agencies regularly conduct examinations of the Company’s business. If, as a result of an examination, a banking agency were to determine that the financial condition, capital resources, asset quality, asset concentration, earning prospects, management, liquidity, sensitivity to market risk, consumer compliance, or other aspects of any of the Company’s operations has become unsatisfactory, or that the Company or the Company’s management is in violation of any law or regulation, it could take a number or different remedial actions as it deems appropriate. These actions include the power to require the Company to cease and desist “unsafe or unsound” practices, to require affirmative actions to correct any conditions resulting from any violation or practice, to issue an administrative order that can be judicially enforced, to direct an increase in the Company’s capital, to restrict the Company’s growth, to change the asset composition of the Company’s portfolio or balance sheet, to assess civil money penalties against the Company’s officers or directors, to remove officers and directors and, if it is concluded that such conditions cannot be corrected or there is an imminent risk of loss to depositors, to terminate the Bank’s deposit insurance. For practical or other reasons, the Company 21 may not be able to effectively defend itself against these actions, and they in turn could give rise to litigation by private plaintiffs.  Further, if the laws, rules, and regulations materially adversely affect the Company, including any changes that would negatively impact the tax treatment of the Company, the Company’s products and services or the Company’s shareholders, the Company may be adversely impacted.  All of these and other regulatory risks and uncertainties could adversely affect the Company’s reputation, business, results of operations, financial condition, or prospects. Regulatory or supervisory requirements, future growth, operating results, or strategic plans may prompt the Company to raise additional capital, but that capital may not be available at all or on favorable terms and, if raised, may be dilutive. The Company is subject to safety-and-soundness and capital-adequacy standards under applicable law, which are subject to change, and to the direct supervision of government authorities. See “Regulation and Supervision” in Part I, Item 1 of this report. If the Company is not satisfying or is at risk of not satisfying these standards or applicable supervisory requirements—whether due to inadequate operating results that erode capital, future growth that outpaces the accumulation of capital through earnings, or otherwise—the Company may be required to raise capital, restrict dividends, or limit originations of certain types of commercial and mortgage loans. If the Company is required to limit originations of certain types of commercial and mortgage loans, it would thereby reduce the amount of credit available to borrowers and limit opportunities to earn interest income from the loan portfolio.  The Company also may be compelled to raise capital if regulatory or supervisory requirements change. In addition, the Company may elect to raise capital for strategic reasons even when it is not required to do so. The Company’s ability to raise capital on favorable terms or at all will depend on general economic and market conditions, which are outside of its control, and on the Company’s operating and financial performance.  Accordingly, the Company cannot be assured of its ability to raise capital when needed or on favorable terms.  An inability to raise capital when needed or on favorable terms could damage the performance and value of its business, prompt regulatory intervention, and harm its reputation, and if the condition were to persist for any appreciable period of time, its viability as a going concern could be threatened. If the Company is able to raise capital and does so by issuing common stock or convertible securities, the ownership interest of its existing stockholders could be diluted, and the market price of its common stock could decline. The Company is subject to complex and evolving laws, regulations, rules, standards and contractual obligations related to privacy, data protection/use and data security, which may increase the Company’s costs of doing business and liability exposure. The Company is subject to a variety of complex and continuously evolving and developing laws, regulations, rules, standards and contractual obligations regarding privacy, data protection/use and data security, including those related to the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer, security, integration with artificial intelligence and other processing of personal information. Compliance with such laws, regulations, rules, standards and contractual obligations may require the Company to incur significant compliance costs and/or require the Company to change its policies, procedures or operations, and failure to comply with such laws, regulations, rules, standards or contractual obligations could expose the Company to liability, including enforcement actions, fines, penalties and sanctions for non-compliance, governmental investigations and/or reputational damage, and of which could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations. At the federal level, the Company is subject to the GLBA, which requires financial institutions to, among other things, periodically disclose their privacy policies and practices relating to sharing personal information and, in some cases, enables retail customers to opt out of the sharing of certain non-public personal information with unaffiliated third parties, among other laws and regulations. The Company is also subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the authority of the Federal Trade Commission, which regulates unfair or deceptive acts or practices, including with respect to privacy and cybersecurity. Federal banking agencies also regularly issue guidance regarding cybersecurity intended to enhance cyber risk management standards among financial institutions. Moreover, the U.S. Congress is currently considering various proposals for more comprehensive privacy, data protection and data security legislation, to which the Company may be subject if passed. State regulators have also been increasingly active in implementing privacy and cybersecurity laws, regulations, rules and standards. Several states, including states where the Company currently conducts, or may in the future conduct, business, such as California, Nebraska, Virginia and Colorado, have implemented, or are considering implementing, comprehensive data privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations, including regulations requiring certain financial institutions to implement cybersecurity programs. For example, laws in all 50 U.S. states generally require businesses to provide notice under certain circumstances to individuals whose personal 22 information has been disclosed as a result of a data breach. Certain state laws and regulations may be more stringent, broader in scope or offer greater individual rights with respect to personal information than federal or other state laws and regulations, and such laws and regulations may differ from each other, which may complicate compliance efforts and increase compliance costs. This trend of state-level activity is expected to persist and the Company is continually monitoring developments in the states in which the Company’s customers are located. Further, the Company makes public statements about its use, collection, disclosure and other processing of personal information through its privacy policies, information provided on its website and press statements. Although the Company endeavors to comply with its public statements and documentation, and to ensure that such public statements and documentation are accurate, comprehensive and compliant with applicable laws, it may at times fail to do so or be alleged to have failed to do so. The publication of the Company’s privacy policies and other statements that provide promises and assurances about privacy, data protection and data security can subject the Company to potential government or legal action if they are found to be deceptive, unfair or misrepresentative of its actual practices. Additional risks could arise in connection with any failure or perceived failure by the Company, its service providers or other third parties with which the Company does business to provide adequate disclosure or transparency to individuals, including customers, about the personal information collected from them and its use, to receive, document or honor the privacy preferences expressed by individuals, to protect personal information from unauthorized disclosure, or to maintain proper training on privacy practices for all employees or third parties who have access to personal information in the Company’s possession or control. The market price of the Company’s common stock could be adversely impacted by banking, antitrust, or corporate laws that have or are perceived as having an anti-takeover effect. Banking and antitrust laws, including associated regulatory-approval requirements, impose significant restrictions on the acquisition of direct or indirect control over any bank holding company, including the Company. Acquisition of ten percent or more of any class of voting stock of a bank holding company or depository institution, including shares of its common stock, generally creates a rebuttable presumption that the acquirer “controls” the bank holding company or depository institution and requires the acquirer to obtain the non-objection from the FRB under the CIBCA. Also, a bank holding company must obtain the prior approval of the FRB under the BHCA before, among other things, acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 5 percent of any class of voting stock of any bank, including the Bank. In addition, a non-negotiated acquisition of control over the Company may be inhibited by provisions of the Company’s restated articles of incorporation and bylaws that have been adopted in conformance with applicable corporate law, such as the ability to issue shares of preferred stock and to determine the rights, terms, conditions and privileges of such preferred stock without stockholder approval. If any of these restrictions were to operate or be perceived as operating to hinder or deter a potential acquirer for the Company, the market price of the Company’s common stock could suffer. The Company’s inability to adequately protect and maintain its intellectual property may increase the Company’s legal exposure and adversely impact its performance. The Company relies on a variety of measures to protect and enhance its intellectual property portfolio, including trademarks, trade secrets and restrictions on disclosure, and undertakes other measures to control access to and distribution of its proprietary and confidentiality information. However, such measures may not prevent misappropriation of the Company’s proprietary or confidential information or infringement, misappropriation or other violations of its intellectual property rights. Additionally, the Company’s competitors or other third parties may allege that the Company’s systems, processes or technologies (or that the Company’s use of its third-party service providers’ systems, processes or technologies) infringe upon, misappropriate or otherwise violation their intellectual property rights. If the Company’s intellectual property rights are infringed or misappropriated, or if the Company’s competitors or other third parties prevail in any intellectual property-related litigation against the Company, the Company could suffer a competitive disadvantage, be prevented from using technology important to its business for which there may be no appropriate alternative technology available at a commercially reasonable price or at all, lose significant revenues, include significant license, royalty, technology development or other expenses, or pay significant damages, all of which could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations. The Company’s business relies on systems, employees, service providers, and other third parties, and failures or errors by any of them or other operational risks associated with the Company’s reliance on third parties could adversely affect the Company. The Company relies on hosted and on-premises systems, employees, service providers, and other third parties to properly oversee, administer, and process a high volume of transactions and otherwise support the Company’s day-to-day operations. This gives rise to meaningful operational 23 risk—including the risk of fraud by employees or outside parties, unauthorized access to the Company’s premises or systems, errors in processing, use of or integration with artificial intelligence, failures of technology, breaches of internal controls or compliance safeguards, malware and other security or hacking incidents, inadequate integration of acquisitions, human or software errors, design or performance issues, capacity constraints or unexpected transaction volumes, unavailability of systems and services, including due to electrical or telecommunications outages, bad weather, acts of terrorism or the like, and other breakdowns in business continuity plans or acts of misconduct. The Company relies on the business infrastructure and technology systems of third parties (and their supply chains) with which it does business and/or to whom it outsources the operation, maintenance and development of its key information technology and communications systems as well as other key components of its business operations. If the Company or its service providers fail to architect, administer or oversee such infrastructure or systems in a well-managed, secure and effective manner, or if such infrastructure or systems become unavailable, are disrupted, fail to scale, do not operate as designed or expected, or do not meet their service level agreements for any reason, the Company may experience unplanned service disruption or unforeseen costs which could result in material harm to the Company’s business and operations. The Company must successfully develop and maintain information, financial reporting, disclosure, privacy, data protection, data security, artificial intelligence, and other controls adapted to the Company’s reliance on outside platforms and providers. The Company faces a risk that its third-party service providers might be unable or unwilling to continue to provide these or other services to meet its current or future needs in an efficient, cost-effective, or favorable manner or may terminate or seek to terminate their contractual relationships with the Company. In addition, service providers or solutions utilizing artificial intelligence are subject to uncertain and evolving laws and regulations, unique data, confidentiality and privacy risks, and the potential for unexpected operational results that are not insignificant. Despite reasonable efforts, the Company's risk management framework may not be sufficiently effective in managing the risk of artificial intelligence usage, which could result in significant operational, financial, legal and reputational risk for the Company. In addition, service providers utilizing third-party technology or other intellectual property in connection with their provision of services may face allegations of misappropriation, misuse, infringement or other intellectual property rights violations, which could result in the Company losing access to such technology or services.  Any transition to alternative third-party service providers or internal solutions may be difficult to implement, may cause the Company to incur significant time and expense and may disrupt or degrade the Company’s ability to deliver its products and services. Thus, the infrastructure and systems that are outsourced to third-party service providers may increase the Company’s risk exposure. The soundness, and other real or perceived risks, of other financial institutions could adversely affect the Company . Adverse developments affecting the overall strength and soundness of other financial institutions, the financial services industry as a whole and the general economic climate and the U.S. Treasury market could have a negative impact on perceptions about the strength and soundness of the Company’s business even if the Company is not subject to the same adverse developments. In addition, adverse developments with respect to third parties with whom the Company has important relationships could also negatively impact perceptions about the Company. These perceptions about the Company could cause its business to be negatively affected and exacerbate the other risks that the Company faces. The Company may be impacted by actual or perceived soundness of other financial institutions, including as a result of the financial or operational failure of a major financial institution, or concerns about the creditworthiness of such a financial institution or its ability to fulfill its obligations, which can cause substantial and cascading disruption within the financial markets and increased expenses, including FDIC insurance premiums, and could affect the Company’s ability to attract and retain depositors and to borrow or raise capital. For example, during 2023 the FDIC took control and was appointed receiver of Silicon Valley Bank, Signature Bank, and First Republic Bank. In addition, there has been, and there may continue to be in the future, negative market impacts on many financial institutions in the industry for the perceived risks associated with extensions of credit to non-depository financial institutions, regardless of the actual risk for any particular financial institution. The failure or risks of other banks and financial institutions, and the measures taken by governments, businesses, and other organizations in response to those events, could adversely impact the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations. The Company’s ability to engage in routine funding transactions could be adversely affected by the actions and commercial soundness of other financial institutions. Financial services institutions are interrelated because of trading, clearing, counterparty and other relationships. The Company routinely executes transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including brokers and dealers, the FHLB, commercial banks, investment banks, payment processors, and other institutional clients, which may result in payment obligations to 24 the Company or to its clients due to products it has arranged. As a result, defaults by, or even rumors or questions about, one or more financial services institutions, or the financial services industry generally, have led to market-wide liquidity problems and losses of depositor, creditor, and counterparty confidence and could lead to losses or defaults by the Company or by other institutions. Many of these transactions expose the Company to credit and market risk that may cause its counterparty or client to default. In addition, the Company is exposed to market risk when the collateral it holds cannot be realized or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the secured obligation. Any losses arising from such occurrences could materially and adversely affect the Company’s business, results of operations or financial condition. The Company is heavily reliant on technology, and a failure or delay in effectively implementing technology initiatives or anticipating future technology needs or demands could adversely affect the Company’s business or performance. Like most financial-services companies, the Company significantly depends on technology to deliver its products and other services and to otherwise conduct business. The financial services industry is undergoing rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. To remain technologically competitive and operationally efficient, the Company invests in system upgrades, new solutions, and other technology initiatives, including for both internally and externally hosted solutions.  Many of these initiatives are of significant duration, are tied to critical systems, and require substantial internal and external resources. Furthermore, to the extent these initiatives may implicate new technologies or solutions such as those related to artificial intelligence or automation, additional risk may be present. Although the Company takes steps to mitigate the risks and uncertainties associated with these initiatives, there is no guarantee that they will be implemented on time, within budget, or without negative operational or customer impact. The Company also may not succeed in anticipating its future technology needs, the technology demands of its customers, or the competitive landscape for technology. In addition, the Company relies upon the expertise and support of service providers to help implement, maintain and/or service certain of its core technology solutions.  If the Company cannot effectively manage these service providers, the service parties fail to materially perform, or the Company was to falter in any of the other noted areas, its business or performance could be negatively impacted. Negative publicity outside of the Company’s control, or its failure to successfully manage issues arising from its conduct or in connection with the financial-services industry generally, could damage the Company’s reputation and adversely affect its business or performance. The performance and value of the Company’s business could be negatively impacted by any reputational harm that it may suffer. This harm could arise from negative publicity outside of its control or its failure to adequately address issues arising from its own conduct or in connection with the financial-services industry generally.  Financial services companies are highly vulnerable to reputational damage when they are found to have harmed customers, particularly retail customers, through conduct that is seen as illegal, unfair, deceptive, abusive, manipulative, or otherwise wrongful. Risks to the Company’s reputation could arise in any number of contexts—for example, cyber incidents and other security breaches, mergers and acquisitions, lending or investment-management practices, actual or potential conflicts of interest, failures to prevent money laundering, corporate governance, and unethical behavior and practices committed by Company employees or competitors in the financial services industry. In addition, the speed with which information spreads through news, social media and other sources, including on the internet, means that negative information about the Company can rapidly have a broadly adverse impact on its reputation. This is true whether or not the information is accurate. Once information has gone viral, it can be difficult to counter it effectively, either by correcting inaccuracies or communicating remedial steps taken for actual issues. The potential impact of negative information going viral and the ease with which customers transact means that material reputational harm can result from a single discrete or isolated incident. The Company faces intense competition from other financial-services and financial-services technology companies, and competitive pressures could adversely affect the Company’s business or performance. The Company faces intense competition in each of its business segments and in all of its markets and geographic regions, and the Company expects competitive pressures to intensify in the future—especially in light of recent legislative and regulatory initiatives, technological innovations that alter the barriers to entry, current economic and market conditions, and government monetary and fiscal policies.  Competition with financial-services technology companies, including those related to digital currencies or cryptocurrencies (including stablecoins), or technology companies partnering with financial-services companies, may be particularly intense, due to, among other things, differing regulatory environments.  For example, the Guiding and Establishing National Innovation for U.S. Stablecoins Act of 2025 (GENIUS Act) provides a legal framework for stablecoins to be issued in the United States, which may lead to new and increased competition for funds that may have otherwise been, or currently are, deposits with banks, such as the Bank. See “Competition” in Part I, Item 1 of this report. 25 Competitive pressures may drive the Company to take actions that the Company might otherwise eschew, such as lowering the interest rates or fees on loans or raising the interest rates on deposits in order to keep or attract high-quality customers. These pressures also may accelerate actions that the Company might otherwise elect to defer, such as substantial investments in technology or infrastructure. The Company has certain businesses that utilize wholesale models which can lead to customer concentrations for those businesses that, if negatively impacted by new entrants, competitive pressures, or consolidations, could affect the Company’s fee income. Whatever the reason, actions that the Company takes in response to competition may adversely affect its results of operations and financial condition. These consequences could be exacerbated if the Company is not successful in introducing new products and other services, achieving market acceptance of its products and other services, developing and maintaining a strong customer base, or prudently managing expenses. See risk below “The financial services industry is rapidly evolving and the Company may not be successful in introducing new products or services on a large scale in response to these changes.” The financial services industry is rapidly evolving and the Company may not be successful in introducing new products or services on a large scale in response to these changes. Technological changes continue to significantly impact the financial services industry. For example, the Company may be unsuccessful in deploying new technologies to strengthen its credit underwriting capabilities, enhance the effectiveness of its marketing efforts, enhance customer service, drive efficiencies in back-office functions or reduce fraud. The competitive mobile, e-wallet and tokenization spaces are expected to continue to bring risks and opportunities to digital banking business. The process of developing new products and services or enhancing the Company’s existing products and services is complex, costly and uncertain. Difficulties or delays in the development, production, testing and marketing of new products or services may be caused by a number of factors including, among other things, operational, capital and regulatory constraints. The occurrence of such difficulties may affect the success of the Company’s products or services. Developing unsuccessful products and services could result in financial losses as well as decreased capital availability. In addition, the new products and services offered may not be adopted by consumers or financial institution customers. Also, the success of a new product or service may depend upon the Company’s ability to deliver it on a large scale, which may require a significant capital investment that it may not be in a position to make. If the Company is unable to successfully introduce and support new income-generating products and services while also managing expenses, it may impact its ability to compete effectively and materially adversely affect the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations. The Company may not be able to realize the full anticipated benefits of the acquisition of HTLF. Following consummation of the acquisition of HTLF, the Company developed and implemented strategies to fully integrate with HTLF.  The Company completed the conversion of systems and procedures during the fourth quarter of 2025. The ability to fully realize the remaining anticipated benefits of the acquisition is subject to the Company’s ability to support its consolidated operations, foster a cohesive corporate culture and further eliminate redundancies and costs. In doing so, the Company may encounter difficulties that could adversely affect the ability to maintain relationships with existing clients, customers, depositors and employees, such as: • the loss of key employees; • customer dissatisfaction with the new, combined operations and business; • incompatibilities in corporate culture following conversion and combined operations; • inability to maintain and increase competitive presence; • loan and deposit attrition, customer loss and revenue loss; • unexpected issues with operations, personnel, third-party service providers, and credit; and/or • inconsistent application of standards, controls, procedures and policies. Disruption to the businesses resulting from the Company's continued efforts could cause customers, including depositors, to move their business to a competing financial institution. Further, the Company acquired HTLF with the expectation that the acquisition will result in various benefits including, among other things, benefits relating to enhanced revenues, a strengthened market position for the combined company, cross selling opportunities, technological efficiencies, cost savings and operating efficiencies. Achieving the anticipated benefits of the acquisition of HTLF remains subject to a number of uncertainties, 26 including general competitive factors in the marketplace. Failure to achieve these anticipated benefits on the anticipated timeframe, or at all, could result in a reduction in the price of the Company’s common stock as well as in increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues and diversion of management’s time and energy and could materially and adversely affect the Company’s business, financial condition and operating results. Finally, any cost savings that are realized may be offset by losses in revenues or other charges to earnings. The Company has incurred significant transaction and acquisition-related costs in connection with the acquisition of HTLF. The Company has incurred significant non-recurring costs associated with combining the operations of HTLF with its operations. These costs include legal, financial advisory, accounting, consulting and other advisory fees, severance/employment-related costs, public company filing fees and other regulatory fees, printing costs and other related costs. Although the Company expects that the elimination of duplicative costs, as well as the realization of other efficiencies related to the integration of the businesses, may offset incremental transaction and acquisition-related costs over time, this net benefit may not be achieved in the near term, or at all. The market price for the Company’s common stock following the acquisition of HTLF may be affected by factors different from those that historically have affected the Company’s common stock. Following the acquisition and conversion of HTLF, the Company is now subject to risks related to HTLF’s historical business and has taken on its loans, investments and other obligations. This increased the Company’s credit risk and, if such obligations are not repaid or losses are incurred on such obligations, there could be material and adverse effects on the Company’s business. Additionally, where the Company’s historical business and HTLF’s historical business overlap, any risks the Company faces may be increased due to the acquisition of HTLF. For example, HTLF’s loan portfolio has a large concentration of commercial real estate loans, which the Company has added to its existing portfolio. This may exacerbate the risks the Company already undertakes with its own historical portfolio comprised meaningfully of commercial real estate loans and may result in new ones. Additionally, the value of real estate can fluctuate significantly in a short period of time as a result of market conditions in any of the geographic bank markets in which such real estate is located, as well as because funds are advanced based on estimates of costs and the estimated value of the completed project and therefore have a greater risk of default in a weaker economy. Construction projects require prudent underwriting including determination of a borrower’s ability to complete the project, while staying within budget and on time in accordance with construction plans. Economic events, supply chain issues, labor market disruptions, and other factors outside the Company’s control, or that of the borrowers, could negatively impact the future cash flow and market values of affected properties. The future results of the Company following the acquisition of HTLF may suffer if the Company does not effectively manage its expanded operations. As a result of the acquisition of HTLF, the size of the business of the Company increased significantly. The Company’s future success depends, in part, upon its success in continuing to manage the expanded business, which may pose challenges for management, including challenges related to the management and monitoring of new operations and associated increased costs and complexity. The Company may also face additional or different regulatory requirements and scrutiny from governmental authorities as a result of the expanded business operations. The Company’s failure to meet such expectations may expose it to regulatory enforcement actions and civil penalties which could have an adverse material impact on the Company’s business, financial condition, operations and reputation and could jeopardize the Company’s ability to pursue acquisition opportunities. There can be no assurances that the Company will be successful following the acquisition of HTLF or that it will realize the expected operating efficiencies, cost savings or other benefits currently anticipated from the acquisition of HTLF. The Company’s internal controls, risk-management and compliance programs or functions may not be effective in identifying and mitigating risk and loss. The Company maintains standards on internal controls (including over financial reporting), and related disclosures which are regularly reviewed by management, as well as an enterprise risk-management program that is designed to identify, quantify, monitor, report, and control the risks that it faces. These include interest-rate risk, credit risk, liquidity risk, market risk, operational risk, reputational risk, and compliance risk. The Company also maintains a compliance program to identify, measure, assess, and report on its adherence to applicable law, policies, and procedures. While the Company assesses and strives to improve these controls and programs on an ongoing basis, there can be no assurance that its frameworks or models for risk management, compliance, and related controls will effectively mitigate risk and limit losses in its business. If conditions or circumstances arise that expose flaws or gaps in the Company’s risk-management or compliance programs or if its controls break down, the performance and value of the Company’s business could be adversely 27 affected. The Company could be negatively impacted as well if, despite programs being in place, its risk-management or compliance personnel are ineffective in executing them and mitigating risk and loss. Some of the Company’s methods of managing risks are based upon use of observed historical market behavior, the use of analytical and/or forecasting models and management’s judgment. These methods may not accurately predict future exposures, which could be significantly greater than the historical measures or modes indicate. For example, credit risk is inherent in the financial services business and results from, among other things, extending credit to customers. The Company’s ability to assess the creditworthiness of its customers may be impaired if the models and approaches used to select, manage and underwrite consumer and commercial customers become less predictive of future charge-offs due to, for example, rapid changes in the economy. If the Company’s subsidiaries are unable to make dividend payments or distributions to the Company, it may be unable to satisfy its obligations to counterparties or creditors or make dividend payments to its stockholders. The Company is a legal entity separate and distinct from its bank and nonbank subsidiaries and depends on dividend payments and distributions from those subsidiaries to fund its obligations to counterparties and creditors and its dividend payments to stockholders. See “Regulation and Supervision—Requirements Affecting the Relationships among the Company, Its Subsidiaries, and Other Affiliates” in Part I, Item 1 of this report. Any of the Company’s subsidiaries, however, may be unable to make dividend payments or distributions to the Company, including as a result of a deterioration in the subsidiary’s performance, investments in the subsidiary’s own future growth, or regulatory or supervisory requirements. If any subsidiary were unable to remain viable as a going concern, moreover, the Company’s right to participate in a distribution of assets would be subject to the prior claims of the subsidiary’s creditors (including, in the case of the Bank, its depositors and the FDIC). An inability to attract, retain, or motivate qualified employees could adversely affect the Company’s business or performance. Skilled employees are the Company’s most important resource, and competition for talented people is intense.  Even though compensation is among the Company’s highest expenses, it may not be able to locate and hire the best people, keep them with the Company, or properly motivate them to perform at a high level. Recent scrutiny of compensation practices, especially in the financial-services industry, has made this only more difficult. In addition, some parts of the Company’s business are particularly dependent on key personnel, including investment management, asset servicing, and commercial lending. If the Company were to lose and find itself unable to replace these personnel or other skilled employees, or if the competition for talent drove its compensation costs to unsustainable levels, the Company’s business, results of operations, and financial condition could be negatively impacted. The Company is subject to a variety of litigation and other proceedings, which could adversely affect its business or performance. The Company is involved from time to time in a variety of judicial, alternative-dispute, and other proceedings arising out of its business or operations. Additionally, the Company may incur costs in connection with the defense or settlement of any shareholder or stockholder lawsuits resulting from its acquisition of HTLF. The Company establishes reserves for claims when appropriate under generally accepted accounting principles, but costs often can be incurred in connection with a matter before any reserve has been created. The Company also maintains insurance policies to mitigate the cost of litigation and other proceedings, but these policies have deductibles, limits, and exclusions that may diminish their value or efficacy. Despite the Company’s efforts to appropriately reserve for claims and insure its business and operations, the actual costs associated with resolving a claim may be substantially higher than amounts reserved or covered. Substantial legal claims, even if not meritorious, could have a detrimental impact on the Company’s business, results of operations, and financial condition and could cause reputational harm. Changes in accounting standards could impact the Company’s financial statements and reported earnings. Accounting standard-setting bodies, such as the Financial Accounting Standards Board, periodically change the financial accounting and reporting standards that affect the preparation of the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements. These changes are beyond the Company’s control and could have a meaningful impact on its Consolidated Financial Statements. The Company’s selection of accounting methods, assumptions, and estimates could impact its financial statements and reported earnings. To comply with generally accepted accounting principles, management must sometimes exercise judgment in selecting, determining, and applying accounting methods, assumptions, and estimates. This can arise, for example, in the determination of the allowance for credit losses. Furthermore, accounting methods, assumptions and estimates are part of acquisition purchase accounting and the calculation of the fair value of assets and liabilities that have been purchased, including credit-impaired loans.  The judgments 28 required of management can involve difficult, subjective, or complex matters with a high degree of uncertainty, and several different judgments could be reasonable under the circumstances and yet result in significantly different results being reported. See “Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates” in Part II, Item 7 of this report. If management’s judgments are later determined to have been inaccurate, the Company may experience unexpected losses that could be substantial. The Company’s ability to engage in opportunistic mergers and acquisitions is subject to significant risks, including the risk that government authorities will not provide the requisite approvals, the risk that integrating acquisitions may be more difficult, costly, or time consuming than expected, and the risk that the value of acquisitions may be less than anticipated. The Company may make opportunistic acquisitions of other financial-services companies or businesses from time to time. These acquisitions may be subject to regulatory approval, and there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain that approval in a timely manner or at all. Even when the Company is able to obtain regulatory approval, the failure of other closing conditions to be satisfied or waived could delay the completion of an acquisition for a significant period of time or prevent it from occurring altogether. In addition, regulatory authorities may impose conditions on the completion of the acquisition or require changes to its terms that materially affect the terms of the transaction or the Company’s ability to capture some of the opportunities presented by the transaction. Any failure or delay in, or imposition of conditions on, closing an acquisition could adversely affect the Company’s reputation, business, results of operations, financial condition, or prospects. Moreover, the standards by which bank and financial institution acquisitions will be evaluated may be subject to change. Additionally, acquisitions involve numerous risks and uncertainties, including lower-than-expected performance or higher-than-expected costs, difficulties related to integration, diversion of management’s attention from other business activities, changes in relationships with customers or counterparties, and the potential loss of key employees. An acquisition also could be dilutive to the Company’s current stockholders if preferred stock, common stock, or securities convertible into preferred stock or common stock were issued to fully or partially pay or fund the purchase price. The Company, moreover, may not be successful in identifying acquisition candidates, integrating acquired companies or businesses, or realizing the expected value from acquisitions. There is significant competition for valuable acquisition targets, and the Company may not be able to acquire other companies or businesses on attractive terms or at all.  Further, the Company’s ability to complete future acquisitions may depend on factors outside its control, including changes in the presidential administration or in one or both houses of Congress. There can be no assurance that the Company will pursue future acquisitions, and the Company’s ability to grow and successfully compete in its markets and regions may be impaired if it chooses not to pursue, or is unable to successfully complete, acquisitions. The Company faces risks in connection with its strategic undertakings and new business initiatives. The Company is engaged, and may in the future engage, in strategic activities including acquisitions, joint ventures, partnerships, investments or other business growth initiatives or undertakings. There can be no assurance that the Company will successfully identify appropriate opportunities, that it will be able to negotiate or finance such activities or that such activities, if undertaken, will be successful. The Company is focused on its long-term growth and has undertaken various strategic activities and business initiatives, some of which may involve activities that are new to it. For example, in the future the Company may engage in or focus on new lines of business, financial technologies, and other activities that are outside of its current product offerings. These new initiatives may subject the Company to, among other risks, increased business, reputational and operational risk, as well as more complex legal, regulatory and compliance costs and risks. See risk above “The financial services industry is rapidly evolving and the Company may not be successful in introducing new products or services on a large scale in response to these changes.” Its ability to execute strategic activities and new business initiatives successfully will depend on a variety of factors. These factors likely will vary based on the nature of the activity but may include the Company’s success in integrating an acquired company or a new internally-developed growth initiative into its business, operations, services, products, personnel and systems, operating effectively with any partner with whom it elects to do business, meeting applicable regulatory requirements and obtaining applicable regulatory licenses or other approvals, hiring or retaining key employees, achieving anticipated synergies, meeting management's expectations, actually realizing the anticipated benefits of the activities, and overall general market conditions. The Company’s ability to address these matters successfully cannot be assured. In addition, its strategic efforts may divert resources or management's attention from ongoing business operations and may subject the Company to additional regulatory scrutiny and potential liability. If the Company does not successfully execute a strategic undertaking, it could adversely affect its business, financial condition, results of operations, reputation, or growth prospects. 29 Expectations around Environmental, Social and Governance practices, as well as climate change, and related legislative and regulatory initiatives may result in additional risk and operational changes and expenditures that could significantly impact the Company’s business. Companies are facing increased scrutiny from customers, regulators and other stakeholders with respect to their environmental, social and governance (ESG) practices and disclosures. Institutional investors, and investor advocacy groups, in particular, are increasingly focused on these matters, and expectations in many of these areas can vary widely. For example, certain federal and state laws and regulations related to ESG issues may include provisions that conflict with other laws and regulations, which may increase the Company’s costs or limit the Company’s ability to conduct business in certain jurisdictions. In particular, there is an increasing number of anti-ESG initiatives in the United States that may conflict with other regulatory requirements or the Company’s various stakeholders’ expectations. Such divergent, sometimes conflicting, views on ESG-related matters increase the risk that any action or lack thereof by the Company on such matters will be perceived negatively by some stakeholders. In addition, increased ESG related compliance costs could result in increases to the Company’s overall operational costs. Failure to adapt to or comply with regulatory requirements or investor or stakeholder expectations and standards, and fluctuations in or conflicts among these standards, could negatively impact the Company’s reputation, ability to do business with certain partners, and its stock price. New government regulations could also result in new or more stringent forms of ESG oversight and expanding mandatory and voluntary reporting, diligence, and disclosure. In addition to regulatory and investor expectations on environmental matters in general, the current and anticipated effects of climate change are creating, for some stakeholders, an increasing level of concern for the state of the global environment. In recent years, governments across the world have entered into international agreements to attempt to reduce global temperatures, in part by limiting greenhouse gas emissions. In the United States, certain state legislatures and state regulatory agencies have proposed and advanced numerous legislative and regulatory initiatives seeking to mitigate the effects of climate change, some of which conflict with other state or federal, initiatives or sentiments. In addition to the challenges of managing conflicting expectations of legislatures, agencies, and regulators with respect to climate change, measures designed to mitigate or bring awareness to climate change may result in the imposition of taxes and fees, the required purchase of emission credits, and the implementation of significant operational changes, each of which may require the Company to expend significant capital and incur compliance, operating, maintenance and remediation costs. Given the lack of empirical data on the credit and other financial risks posed by climate change, it is impossible to predict how climate change may impact the Company’s financial condition and operations; however, as a banking organization, the physical effects of climate change may present certain unique risks to the Company. For example, weather disasters, shifts in local climates and other disruptions related to climate change may adversely affect the value of real properties securing the Company’s loans, which could diminish the value of the Company’s loan portfolio. Such events may also cause reductions in regional and local economic activity that may have an adverse effect on the Company’s customers, which could limit the Company’s ability to raise and invest capital in these areas and communities, each of which could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition and results of operations. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVE D STAFF COMMENTS There are no unresolved comments from the staff of the SEC required to be disclosed herein as of the date of this report. ITEM 1C. CYB ERSECURITY Information security and privacy are an important part of the Company’s culture and foundational to its goal of delivering safe, secure and quality products and services. This philosophy is emphasized throughout the organization by its board of directors, senior leaders, officers, managers and associates to help promote a Company-wide culture of cybersecurity risk management. Further, the Company operates within the highly regulated financial services industry, which is focused on the security, confidentiality, integrity, availability and privacy of information and information systems. The standards of the SEC, the GLBA, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and the Federal Financial Institution Examination Council (FFIEC) outline specific requirements regarding cybersecurity and data privacy for publicly traded and financial services companies. The Company has established information security and privacy policies focused on protecting the security, confidentiality, integrity, availability and privacy of information, which policies are designed to be compliant with SEC, GLBA, GDPR, state privacy regulations and FFIEC guidance, as applicable, and incorporate principles from the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) and other industry best-practices where appropriate. The Company’s security and privacy practices are also subject to ongoing independent 30 oversight by multiple regulatory bodies including the OCC and the FRB, independent audits such as SOC I and SOC II, independent penetration testing of internal and external systems, independent security attestations of compliance with the requirements of the Society of Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunications (SWIFT) and the Federal Reserve (FedLine), and independent assessments in connection with the Company’s Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) obligations, as applicable. As a financial institution, the Company collects, stores, and transmits sensitive, confidential, and proprietary data and other information, including intellectual property, business information, funds-transfer instructions, payment card data, and the personally identifiable information of its customers and employees (Sensitive Information). Sensitive Information can be of significant value to criminal actors, and, as described in the Company’s

--- VENDORS ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
components of a bank’s condition that are addressed:  capital adequacy, asset quality, management, earnings, and liquidity) ratings and specified forward-looking financial measures to determine each institution’s risk to the DIF. In response to the bank failures in early 2023, the FDIC implemented a special assessment to recover the losses to the DIF at an annual rate of approximately 13.4 basis points over eight quarterly collection periods, which began in 2024, and currently projects that the eighth quarter of the special assessment will be collected at a reduced rate. The base for the special assessment is equal to an insured depository institution’s estimated uninsured deposits reported as of December 31, 2022, adjusted to exclude the first $5 billion. Under the FDIC's interim final rule on December 16, 2025, upon termination of the FDIC's receivership of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank, the FDIC will either provide an offset to insured depository institutions, if the special assessment amount then-collected exceeds losses, or collect from insured depository institutions a one-time final shortfall special assessment, if losses exceed the special assessment amount then-collected. In addition, the FDIC will provide an offset to regular quarterly deposit insurance assessments for banks subject to the special assessment if, following the final resolution of litigation between the FDIC and SVB Financial Trust, the total amount collected through the special assessment exceeds the loss estimate at that time. Resolution and Related Matters If an insured depository institution such as the Bank were to become insolvent or if other specified events were to occur relating to its financial condition or the propriety of its actions, the FDIC may be appointed as conservator or receiver for the institution. In that capacity, the FDIC would have the power to (1) transfer assets and liabilities of the institution to another person or entity without the approval of the institution’s creditors, (2) require that its claims process be followed and to enforce statutory or other limits on damages claimed by the institution’s creditors, (3) enforce the institution’s contracts or leases according to their terms, (4) repudiate or disaffirm the institution’s contracts or leases, (5) seek to reclaim, recover, or recharacterize transfers of the institution’s assets or to exercise control over assets in which the institution may claim an interest, (6) enforce statutory or other injunctions, and (7) exercise a wide range of other rights, powers, and authorities, including those that could impair the rights and interests of all or some of the institution’s creditors. In addition, the administrative expenses of the conservator or receiver could be afforded priority over all or some of the claims of the institution’s creditors, and under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (the FDIA), the claims of depositors (including the FDIC as subrogee of depositors) would enjoy priority over the claims of the institution’s unsecured creditors. The FDIA also provides that an insured depository institution can be held liable for any loss incurred or expected to be incurred by the FDIC in connection with another commonly controlled insured depository institution 10 that is in default or in danger of default. This cross-guarantee liability is generally superior in right of payment to claims of the institution’s holding company and its affiliates. In June 2024, the FDIC released a final rule amending its requirements for insured depository institutions with more than $50 billion in assets to develop and submit plans demonstrating how they could be resolved in an orderly and timely manner in the event of receivership. Under the rule, banks with at least $50 billion but less than $100 billion in total assets, including the Bank, are required to submit to the FDIC more limited informational filings triennially and interim supplemental information regarding their resolution planning in off-cycle years. On December 31, 2025, the FDIC provided an update that it intends to propose changes to the final rule in 2026. As a result, the Bank is not required to submit its first informational filing until after the final rule is issued. Safety and Soundness Guidelines The federal banking agencies have adopted guidelines prescribing safety and soundness standards relating to internal controls, risk management, information systems, internal audit systems, loan documentation, credit underwriting, interest rate exposure, asset growth and compensation, fees and benefits.  These guidelines in general require appropriate systems and practices to identify and manage specified risks and exposures.  The guidelines prohibit excessive compensation as an unsafe and unsound practice and characterize compensation as excessive when the amounts paid are unreasonable or disproportionate to the services performed by an executive officer or employee, director or principal shareholder.  In addition, the federal banking agencies have adopted regulations that authorize but do not require an agency to order an institution that has been given notice by the agency that it is not in compliance with any of the safety and soundness standards to submit a compliance plan.  If after being so notified, an institution fails to submit an acceptable compliance plan, the agency must issue an order directing action to correct the deficiency and may issue an order directing other actions of the types, including those that may limit growth or capital distributions. Anti-Money Laundering Rules The Bank Secrecy Act, as amended by the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001, (together, the BSA) and its implementing regulations require financial institutions, including banks and broker dealers, to, among other duties, implement and maintain an effective anti-money laundering (AML) compliance program and file suspicious activity and currency transaction reports when appropriate. The Anti-Money Laundering Act of 2020, enacted on January 1, 2021 (AMLA), amends the BSA but does not directly impose new requirements on banks. AMLA requires the U.S. Treasury Department to, among other things, issue National Anti-Money Laundering and Countering the Financing of Terrorism Priorities and implementing regulations, and conduct studies and issue regulations that may, over the next few years, significantly alter certain due diligence, recordkeeping and reporting requirements that the BSA and its implementing regulations impose on banks. AMLA also contains provisions that increase penalties for violations of the BSA and includes whistleblower incentives, both of which could increase regulatory enforcement against banks. Implementation of AMLA is ongoing and is anticipated to impact the Bank’s AML compliance program. Violations of the BSA and its implementing regulations can result in substantial civil and criminal penalties, and the federal banking agencies are required to consider the effectiveness of a financial institution’s AML compliance program when reviewing bank mergers and bank holding company acquisitions. In addition to the federal banking agencies, the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network is authorized to impose significant civil monetary penalties for violations of the BSA and its implementing regulations and has recently engaged in coordinated enforcement actions with state and federal law enforcement agencies and banking regulators. OFAC Regulation The U.S. Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) is responsible for administering U.S. economic sanctions, which can prohibit certain transactions with designated foreign jurisdictions, governments, entities and individuals.  OFAC-administered sanctions take on many different forms.  For example, sanctions may include: (1) restrictions on trade with or investment in a sanctioned jurisdiction, including prohibitions against direct or indirect imports from and exports to a sanctioned jurisdiction and prohibitions on U.S. persons engaging in financial transactions relating to, making investments in, or providing investment-related advice or assistance to, a sanctioned jurisdiction; and (2) blocking assets in which certain sanctioned foreign governments, entities or individuals have an interest, by prohibiting transfers of property subject to U.S. jurisdiction, including property in 11 the possession or control of U.S. persons.  OFAC also maintains lists of designated persons, groups or entities that are the target of sanctions, including the “Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List.” The assets of designated persons, groups or entities are blocked and U.S. persons are generally prohibited from dealing with any such persons.  Moreover, blocked assets, for example property and bank deposits, cannot be paid out, withdrawn, set off or transferred in any manner without a license from OFAC.  If the Company finds a name on any transaction, account or wire transfer associated with a sanctioned person, the Company must freeze or block such account or transaction, file a blocked property report with OFAC and notify the appropriate authorities.  Failure to comply with U.S. economic sanctions could have serious legal and reputational consequences. Data Privacy and Cybersecurity Various federal, state and local laws, rules, regulations and standards contain extensive data privacy and cybersecurity provisions, and the legal and regulatory framework for data privacy and cybersecurity is in considerable flux and rapidly evolving. For example, current federal laws, rules, regulations and standards, including the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (the “GLBA”), require financial institutions to, among other things, periodically disclose their privacy policies and practices relating to sharing personal information and enable retail customers to opt out of the Company’s ability to share such personal information with unaffiliated third parties under certain circumstances. Such laws and regulations also require financial institutions to implement a comprehensive cybersecurity program that includes administrative, technical and physical safeguards to ensure the security and confidentiality of customer records and information. An amendment to Regulation S-P, an implementing regulation promulgated under the GLBA, was adopted by the SEC on May 16, 2024 and requires broker dealers and registered investment advisers to, among other things, adopt and implement an incident response program as part of their formal cybersecurity policies and procedures and report data breaches to affected individuals whose sensitive customer information was, or is reasonably likely to have been, accessed or used without authorization within 30 days of becoming aware of such data breach. Other federal and state laws, rules, regulations and standards impact the Company’s ability to share certain information with affiliates and non-affiliates for marketing and/or non-marketing purposes, or to contact customers with marketing offers. Federal law also makes it a criminal offense, except in limited circumstances, to obtain or attempt to obtain customer information of a financial nature by fraudulent or deceptive means. The Company and its nonbanking subsidiaries are also subject to rules and regulations issued by the Federal Trade Commission, which regulates unfair or deceptive acts or practices, including with respect to data privacy and cybersecurity. Additionally, like other lenders, the Bank uses credit bureau data in its underwriting activities. Use of such data is regulated under the Fair Credit Reporting Act, which also regulates reporting information to credit bureaus, prescreening individuals for credit offers, sharing of information between affiliates, and using affiliate data for marketing purposes. Similar state laws may impose additional requirements on the Company and its subsidiaries. The United States Congress has considered, and will likely in the future consider, additional data privacy and cybersecurity legislation, to which the Company may become subject if passed. The enactment of the Cyber Incident Reporting for Critical Infrastructure Act (the “CIRCIA”) in 2022, once rulemaking is complete, will require, among other things, certain companies to report significant cyber incidents to the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Agency (the “CISA”) within 72 hours from the time the company reasonably believes the incident occurred (and within 24 hours of making a ransom payment as a result of a ransomware attack). On April 4, 2024, the CISA proposed a rule under the CIRCIA that would clarify the scope of cyber incidents to be reported and would further define covered entities subject to the CIRCIA to expressly include companies in the financial services industry that are required to report cyber incidents to their primary federal regulators. Although the CIRCIA originally required the CISA to finalize its regulations by October 4, 2025, the CISA has extended such deadline to May 2026. The Bank is also subject to federal regulations that, among other things, require a banking organization to notify its primary federal banking agencies as soon as possible and within 36 hours after identifying a “computer-security incident” that has materially disrupted or degraded, or the banking organization believes in good faith is reasonably likely to materially disrupt or degrade, its business or operations in a manner that would, among other things, jeopardize the viability of its operations, result in customers being unable to access their deposit and other accounts, result in a material loss of revenue, profit or franchise value, or pose a threat to the financial stability of the United States financial sector. Additionally, the federal banking agencies, as well as the SEC and related self-regulatory organizations, regularly issue guidance regarding cybersecurity that is intended to enhance cyber risk management among financial institutions. Data privacy and cybersecurity are also areas of increasing state legislative focus. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (collectively, the 12 “CCPA”), among other things, broadly defines personal information and gives California residents the right to request access to or correct personal information collected about them, and whether that personal information has been sold or shared with others, the right to request deletion of personal information (subject to certain exceptions), the right to opt out of certain sharing and sales of their personal information, and the right not to be discriminated against for exercising these rights. The CCPA contains several exemptions, including that many, but not all, requirements of the CCPA are inapplicable to personal information that is collected, sold, disclosed or processed subject to certain federal laws, including the GLBA. The CCPA contemplates civil penalties of up to $2,500 for each violation and up to $7,500 for each intentional violation and includes a private right of action (permitting lawsuits to be brought by private individuals instead of the state Attorney General or other government actor for certain violations). Similar laws have been or may be adopted by other states where the Company does business or collects personal information. In addition, laws in all 50 U.S. states generally require businesses to provide notice under certain circumstances to individuals whose personal information has been disclosed as a result of a data breach. Broker Dealer and Investment Adviser Regulations The Company’s broker dealer and investment adviser subsidiaries are subject to regulation by the SEC. FINRA is the primary self-regulatory organization for the Company’s registered broker dealer subsidiaries. The broker dealer and investment adviser subsidiaries also are subject to additional regulation by states or local jurisdictions. The SEC and FINRA have active enforcement functions that oversee broker dealers and investment advisers and can bring actions that result in fines, restitution, a limitation on permitted activities, disqualification to continue to conduct certain activities and an inability to rely on certain favorable exemptions. Certain types of infractions and violations also can affect the Company’s ability to issue new securities expeditiously. In addition, certain changes in the activities of a broker dealer require approval from FINRA, and FINRA takes into account a variety of considerations in acting upon applications for such approval, including internal controls, capital levels, management experience and quality, prior enforcement and disciplinary history, and supervisory concerns. Other Regulatory and Supervisory Matters As a public company, the Company is subject to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and other federal and State securities laws. In addition, because the Company’s common stock is listed with The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC (NASDAQ), the Company is subject to the listing rules of that exchange. Under the CRA, the Bank has a continuing and affirmative obligation to help meet the credit needs of its local communities—including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods—consistent with safe and sound banking practices. The CRA does not create specific lending programs but does establish the framework and criteria by which the OCC regularly assesses the Bank’s record in meeting these credit needs. The Bank’s ratings under the CRA are taken into account by the FRB and the OCC when considering merger or other specified applications that the Company or the Bank may submit from time to time. Under the CRA, institutions are assigned a rating of “outstanding,” “satisfactory,” “needs to improve,” or “unsatisfactory.” The Bank received a “satisfactory” rating at its most recent CRA evaluation. The Bank is subject as well to a vast array of consumer-protection laws, such as qualified-mortgage and other mortgage-related rules under the jurisdiction of the CFPB. For example, the FRB has proposed, but not yet finalized, amendments to Regulation II that would lower the cap on debit interchange fees and institute a process for automatically recalculating the debit interchange fee cap every two years based upon a biennial survey of large debit card issuers. Lending limits, restrictions on tying arrangements, limits on permissible interest-rate charges, and other laws governing the conduct of banking or fiduciary activities are also applicable to the Bank. 13 Executive Officers of the Registrant. The following are the executive officers of the Company, each of whom is appointed annually, and there are no arrangements or understandings between any of the executive officers and any other person pursuant to which such person was elected as an executive officer. Name Age Position with Registrant R. Brian Beaird 52 Mr. Beaird has served as Executive Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer since October 2019. Prior to this time, he served as Senior Vice President/Director of Associate Experience and Rewards, Director Compensation and Systems, Manager Bank Strategy and Administration, and Manager Commercial Strategy and Administration. Mr. Beaird held these positions from July 2018 until October 2019, August 2017 until July 2018, September 2015 until August 2017, and December 2011 until September 2015, respectively. Amy Harris 40 Ms. Harris has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer since   January 2021. Ms. Harris served the Company as Senior Vice President, Deputy General Counsel and Manager of Legal Operations from January 2020 to January 2021. She also served as Corporate Legal Counsel for the Company from October 2014 to January 2020. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Harris worked in private practice focusing on commercial, corporate and employment cases. Shannon A. Johnson 46 Ms. Johnson has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer since October 2019 and as Chief Risk Officer since February 2026. Ms. Johnson’s previous positions with the Company include Executive Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer; Senior Vice President, Executive Director of Talent Management and Development; and Senior Vice President, Director of Talent Management. Ms. Johnson held these positions from April 2015 to October 2019, May 2011 to April 2015, and December 2009 to May 2011, respectively. J. Mariner Kemper 53 Mr. Kemper has served as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company since May 2004. From November 2015 until January 2024, he served as President of the Company. He served as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Bank between December 2012 and January 2014, and as the Chairman of UMB Bank Colorado, n.a. (a prior subsidiary of the Company) between 2000 and 2012. He was President of UMB Bank Colorado from 1997 to 2000. Elizabeth Lewis 52 Ms. Lewis has served as President, Consumer Banking since April of 2024. She has also served as Chief Marketing Officer since May of 2023. Prior to this time, Ms. Lewis served as Senior Vice President with CommunityAmerica Credit Union, leading the retail and commercial banking line of business functions, and Senior Vice President, Commercial Banking Administration with Commerce Bank. She held these positions from January 2017 through May 2023, and from March 2008 through January 2017, respectively. Phillip Mason 43 Mr. Mason has served as President of Institutional Banking for the Bank since April 2023.  He served as Director of Healthcare Services and Chief Operating Officer Institutional Banking for the Bank from November 2019 until March 2023 and as Chief Operating Officer Institutional Banking for the Bank from June 2015 to October 2019.  Prior to this time, Mr. Mason served as Director of Relationship Management and Support Institutional Asset Management for the Bank beginning in April 2013. Mr. Mason first joined the Company in June of 2005, working in the corporate finance department in a variety of roles. Nikki Newton 54 Mr. Newton has served as the President of Private Wealth Management of the Bank since May 2019. From January 1998 until May 2018, Mr. Newton served in various capacities with Waddell & Reed Financial, Inc. or its subsidiary, Ivy Distributors, Inc, including most recently, serving as President of Ivy Distributors, Inc. and Ivy Global from August 2017 to May 2018, and Head of Global Distribution and President of Ivy Global from January 2014 to August 2017. David C. Odgers 56 Mr. Odgers has served as Executive Vice President since April of 2025, Chief Accounting Officer of the Company since January 2020, and as the Company’s Controller since January 2014.  He additionally served as Senior Vice President from January 2020 until April of 2025. Mr. Odgers was previously the Company’s Assistant Controller from January 2005 to January 2014. 14 James D. Rine 55 Mr. Rine has served as President of the Company since January 2024, and Vice Chairman of the Company since November 2020. He has additionally served as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Bank since October 2018. He served as President of Commercial Banking from December 2017 until October 2018 and as President of Commercial Banking/Western Region from October 2016 to December 2017. Prior to this time, Mr. Rine served as the President of the Kansas City Region since October 2011. Overall, Mr. Rine has over 20 years of commercial banking experience with the Bank. Ram Shankar 53 Mr. Shankar was named as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company effective August 2016. From September 2011 until his employment with the Company commenced, he worked at First Niagara Financial Group, most recently serving as managing director where he headed financial planning and analysis and investor relations. Prior to that, Mr. Shankar spent time at FBR Capital Markets as a senior research analyst and at M&T Bank Corporation in the financial planning measurement and corporate finance/mergers & acquisitions group. Thomas S. Terry 62 Mr. Terry has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Credit Officer since October 2019. From January 2011 until October 2019, Mr. Terry served as Executive Vice President and Chief Lending Officer of the Company, and prior to this time, Mr. Terry served as Executive Vice President. Mr. Terry first joined the Company in 1986, and subsequently joined the Commercial Lending department in 1987 where he worked as a loan officer until 2011. Uma Wilson 47 Ms. Wilson was named Executive Vice President, Chief Information, Bank Product and Operations Officer in May 2024. Previously she served as Executive Vice President, Chief Information and Product Officer from September 2021 to May 2024, Executive Vice President, Director of Bank Product, Treasury Management/Card Sales and Implementation from January 2020 to September 2021 and Executive Vice President, Director of Bank Product Group from May 2015 to January 2020. The Company makes available free of charge on its website at www.umb.com/investor, its annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, proxy statements, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to such reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after it electronically files or furnishes such material with or to the SEC. Information on the Company’s website is not incorporated by reference into this report and should not be considered part of this document. These reports can also be found on the SEC website at www.sec.gov.

