TICKER: USO
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain disruptions, war (such as the Russia-Ukraine war), continuing disputes among oil-producing countries, the introduction of or changes in tariffs or trade barriers, and trade wars between nations. Events such as these, and others, could cause volatility in the future, which may affect the value, pricing and liquidity of some investments or other assets, including those held by or invested in by USO and the impact of which could limit USO’s ability to have a substantial portion of its assets invested in the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract. In such a circumstance, USO could, if it determined it appropriate to do so in light of market conditions and regulatory requirements, invest in other Futures Contracts and/or Other Oil-Related Investments, such as OTC swaps. Natural disasters, public health disruptions (such as the COVID-19 pandemic), and international armed conflicts could impact the price of commodities and/or the value, pricing and liquidity of USO’s investments or assets which, in turn, could cause the loss of your investment in USO. Natural or environmental disasters, such as earthquakes, fires, floods, hurricanes, tsunamis and other severe weather-related phenomena generally, and widespread disease, including public health disruptions, pandemics and epidemics (for example, the COVID-19 pandemic), can be highly disruptive to economies and markets. Such events can, directly or indirectly, negatively impact, and/or cause volatility in, the price of commodities such as crude oil and the value, pricing, and liquidity of the investments or other assets held by USO. Geopolitical conflict, including war and armed conflicts (such as the Russia-Ukraine war, conflicts in the Middle East, and the expansion of such conflicts in surrounding areas), sanctions, the introduction of or changes in tariffs or trade barriers, global or local recessions, and acts of terrorism, can also, directly or indirectly, negatively impact, and/or cause volatility in, the price of commodities such as crude oil and the value, pricing, and liquidity of the investments or other assets held by USO. A negative impact on, or volatility in, the price of crude oil or the value, pricing and liquidity of USO’s investments or other assets resulting from the occurrence of any of the aforementioned events, or similar events, could cause you to lose all, or substantially all, of your investment in USO. Historical performance of USO and the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract is not indicative of future performance. Past performance of USO or the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract is not necessarily indicative of future results. Therefore, past performance of USO or the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract should not be relied upon in deciding whether to buy shares of USO. Correlation Risk An investment in USO may provide little or no diversification benefits. Thus, in a declining market, USO may have no gains to offset losses from other investments, and an investor may suffer losses on an investment in USO while incurring losses with respect to other asset classes. Investors purchasing shares to hedge against movements in the price of crude oil will have an efficient hedge only if the price investors pay for their shares closely correlates with the price of crude oil. Investing in USO’s shares for hedging purposes includes the following risks: ● The market price at which the investor buys or sells shares may be significantly less or more than NAV. ● Daily percentage changes in NAV may not closely correlate with daily percentage changes in the price of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contracts. ● Daily percentage changes in the price of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract may not closely correlate with daily percentage changes in the price light, sweet crude oil. Historically, Oil Futures Contracts and Other Oil-Related Investments have generally been non-correlated to the performance of other asset classes such as stocks and bonds. Non-correlation means that there is a low statistically valid relationship between the performance of futures and other commodity interest transactions, on the one hand, and stocks or bonds, on the other hand. 38 Table of Contents However, there can be no assurance that such non-correlation will continue during future periods. If, contrary to historic patterns, USO’s performance were to move in the same general direction as the financial markets, investors will obtain little or no diversification benefits from an investment in USO’s shares. In such a case, USO may have no gains to offset losses from other investments, and investors may suffer losses on their investment in USO at the same time they incur losses with respect to other investments. Variables such as drought, floods, weather, military conflicts, pandemics (such as the COVID-19 pandemic), embargoes, tariffs and other political events may have a larger impact on crude oil prices and crude oil-linked instruments, including Oil Futures Contracts and Other Oil-Related Investments, than on traditional securities. These additional variables may create additional investment risks that subject USO’s investments to greater volatility than investments in traditional securities. Non-correlation should not be confused with negative correlation, where the performance of two asset classes would be opposite of each other. There is no historical evidence that the spot price of crude oil and prices of other financial assets, such as stocks and bonds, are negatively correlated. In the absence of negative correlation, USO cannot be expected to be automatically profitable during unfavorable periods for the stock market, or vice versa. The market price at which investors buy or sell shares may be significantly less or more than NAV. USO’s NAV per share will change throughout the day as fluctuations occur in the market value of USO’s portfolio investments. The public trading price at which an investor buys or sells shares during the day from their broker may be different from the NAV of the shares, which is also the price shares can be redeemed with USO by Authorized Participants in Redemption Baskets. Generally, price differences may relate to supply and demand forces at work in the secondary trading market for shares that are closely related to, but not identical to, the same forces influencing the prices of light, sweet crude oil and the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract at any point in time. USCF expects that exploitation of certain arbitrage opportunities by Authorized Participants and their clients will tend to cause the public trading price to track NAV per share closely over time, but there can be no assurance of that. For example, a shortage of USO shares in the market and other factors could cause USO’s shares to trade at a premium. Investors should be aware that such premiums can be transitory. To the extent an investor purchases shares that include a premium (e.g., because of a shortage of shares in the market due to the inability of Authorized Participants to purchase additional shares from USO that could be resold into the market) and the cause of the premium no longer exists causing the premium to disappear (e.g., because more shares are available for purchase from USO by Authorized Participants that could be resold into the market) such investor’s return on its investment would be adversely impacted due to the loss of the premium. The NAV of USO’s shares may also be influenced by non-concurrent trading hours between the NYSE Arca and the various futures exchanges on which light, sweet crude oil is traded. While the shares trade on the NYSE Arca from 9:30 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time, the trading hours for the futures exchanges on which light, sweet crude oil trades may not necessarily coincide during all of this time. For example, while the shares trade on the NYSE Arca until 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time, liquidity in the global light, sweet crude oil market may be reduced after the determination of the settlement price by the NYMEX at 2:30 p.m. Eastern Time. USO’s NAV is calculated based on the settlement price of Oil Futures Contracts at 2:30 p.m. Eastern Time and the closing share price of USO on the NYSE Arca takes into account changes in the price of Oil Futures Contracts that occur after the settlement price is determined. As a result, during periods when the NYSE Arca is open and the futures exchanges on which light, sweet crude oil is traded are closed, trading spreads and the resulting premium or discount on the shares may widen and, therefore, increase the difference between the price of the shares and the NAV of the shares. Daily percentage changes in USO’s NAV may not correlate with daily percentage changes in the price of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract. It is possible that the daily percentage changes in USO’s NAV per share may not closely correlate to daily percentage changes in the price of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract. Non-correlation may be attributable to disruptions in the market for light, sweet crude oil, the imposition of position or accountability limits by regulators or exchanges, or other extraordinary circumstances. As USO approaches or reaches position limits with respect to the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract and other Oil Futures Contracts or in view of market conditions, regulatory requirements, risk mitigation measures (including those that may be taken by USO, USO’s FCMs, counterparties or other market participants) and other conditions as described herein, USO has and may invest in Oil Futures Contracts other than the Benchmark Oil Futures Contact and Other Oil-Related Investments which may cause less correlation with daily percentage changes in the price of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract than investments in the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract. In addition, USO is not able to replicate exactly the changes in the price of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract because the total return generated by USO is reduced by expenses and transaction costs, including those incurred in connection with USO’s trading activities, and increased by interest income from USO’s holdings of Treasuries (defined below). 39 Table of Contents Daily percentage changes in the price of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract may not correlate with daily percentage changes in the spot price of light, sweet crude oil. The correlation between changes in price of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract and the spot price of light, sweet crude oil may at times be only approximate. The degree of imperfection of correlation depends upon circumstances such as variations in the speculative crude oil market, supply of and demand for Oil Futures Contracts (including the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract) and Other Oil-Related Investments, and technical influences in gasoline futures trading. An investment in USO is not a proxy for investing in the oil markets, and the daily percentage changes in the price of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract, or the NAV of USO, may not correlate with daily percentage changes in the spot price of light, sweet crude oil . An investment in USO is not a proxy for investing in the oil markets. To the extent that investors use USO as a means of indirectly investing in crude oil, there is the risk that the daily changes in the price of USO’s shares on the NYSE Arca, on a percentage basis, will not closely track the daily changes in the spot price of light, sweet crude oil on a percentage basis. This could happen if the price of shares traded on the NYSE Arca does not correlate closely with the value of USO’s NAV; the changes in USO’s NAV do not correlate closely with the changes in the price of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract; or the changes in the price of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract do not closely correlate with the changes in the cash or spot price of crude oil. This is a risk because if these correlations do not exist, then investors may not be able to use USO as a cost-effective way to indirectly invest in crude oil or as a hedge against the risk of loss in crude oil-related transactions. The degree of correlation among USO’s share price, the price of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract and the spot price of crude oil depends upon circumstances such as variations in the speculative oil market, supply of and demand for Oil Futures Contracts (including the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract) and Other Oil-Related Investments, and technical influences on trading oil futures contracts. Investors who are not experienced in investing in oil futures contracts or the factors that influence that market or speculative trading in the crude oil markets and may not have the background or ready access to the types of information that investors familiar with these markets may have and, as a result, may be at greater risk of incurring losses from trading in USO shares than such other investors with such experience and resources. Natural forces in the oil futures market known as “backwardation” and “contango” may increase USO’s tracking error and/or negatively impact total return. USO’s Benchmark Oil Futures Contract is the near month contract to expire until the near month contract approaches expiration when, over a five-day period beginning on the first business day of each month, the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract transitions to the next month contract to expire and remains that contract until the next roll period. Between roll periods, the near month contract expires and the next near month contract becomes the near month. In the event of a crude oil futures market where near month contracts trade at a higher price than next month to expire contracts, a situation described as “backwardation” in the futures market, then absent the impact of the overall movement in light, sweet crude oil prices the value of the benchmark contract would tend to rise as it approaches expiration. Conversely, in the event of a crude oil futures market where near month contracts trade at a lower price than next month contracts, a situation described as “contango” in the futures market, then absent the impact of the overall movement in crude oil prices, the value of the benchmark contract would tend to decline as it approaches expiration. While contango and backwardation are consistently present in trading in the futures markets, such conditions can be exacerbated by market forces. For example, extraordinary market conditions in the crude oil markets, including “super contango” (a higher level of contango arising from the overabundance of oil being produced and the limited availability of storage for such excess supply), occurred in the crude oil futures markets in April 2020 due to over-supply of crude oil in the face of weak demand during the COVID-19 pandemic when disputes among oil-producing countries regarding limitations on the production of oil also were occurring. When compared to total return of other price indices, such as the spot price of crude oil, the impact of backwardation and contango may cause the total return of USO’s per share NAV to vary significantly. Moreover, absent the impact of rising or falling oil prices, a prolonged period of contango could have a significant negative impact on USO’s per share NAV and total return and investors could lose part or all of their investment. See “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in this annual report on Form 10-K for a discussion of the potential effects of contango and backwardation. 40 Table of Contents Accountability levels, position limits, and daily price fluctuation limits set by the exchanges have the potential to cause tracking error, by limiting USO’s investments, including its ability to fully invest in the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract, which means that changes in the price of shares could substantially vary from the changes in the price of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract. Designated contract markets, such as the NYMEX and ICE Futures, have established accountability levels and position limits on the maximum net long or net short futures contracts in commodity interests that any person or group of persons under common trading control (other than as a hedge, which an investment by USO is not) may hold, own or control. These levels and position limits apply to the futures contracts that USO invests in to meet its investment objective. In addition to accountability levels and position limits, the NYMEX and ICE Futures may also set daily price limits on futures contracts. The daily price fluctuation limit establishes the maximum amount that the price of a futures contract may vary either up or down from the previous day’s settlement price. Once the daily price fluctuation limit has been reached in a particular futures contract, no trades may be made at a price beyond that limit. The accountability levels for the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract and other Oil Futures Contracts traded on U.S.-based futures exchanges, such as the NYMEX, are not a fixed ceiling, but rather a threshold above which the NYMEX may exercise greater scrutiny and control over an investor’s positions. The NYMEX current accountability level for investments for any one-month in the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract is 10,000 contracts. In addition, the NYMEX imposes an accountability level for all months of 20,000 net futures contracts for light, sweet crude oil. In addition, the ICE Futures Europe maintains the same accountability levels, position limits and monitoring authority for its futures contracts for light, sweet crude oil contract as the NYMEX. If USO and the Related Public Funds exceed these accountability levels for USO’s and the Related Public Funds’ investments in the futures contracts for light, sweet crude oil, the NYMEX and ICE Futures Europe will monitor such exposure and may ask for further information on activities, including the total size of all positions, investment and trading strategy, and the extent of liquidity resources of USO and the Related Public Funds. If deemed necessary by the NYMEX and/or ICE Futures Europe, USO could be required to reduce its net futures contracts back to the accountability level. Position limits differ from accountability levels in that they represent fixed limits on the maximum number of futures contracts that any person may hold and cannot be exceeded without express CFTC authority to do so. In addition to accountability levels and position limits that may apply at any time, the NYMEX and ICE Futures impose position limits on contracts held in the last few days of trading in the near month contract to expire. Investors should note that the foregoing accountability levels and position limits are subject to change, which in turn could change the amount and type of permitted investments in which USO invests. Part 150 of the CFTC’s regulations (the “Position Limits Rule”) establishes federal position limits for 25 core referenced futures contracts (comprised of agricultural, energy and metals futures contracts), futures and options linked to the core referenced futures contracts, and swaps that are economically equivalent to the core referenced futures contracts that all market participants must comply with, with certain exemptions. The Benchmark Oil Futures Contract is subject to position limits under the Position Limits Rule, and USO’s trading does not qualify for an exemption therefrom. Accordingly, the Position Limits Rule could inhibit USO’s ability to invest in the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract and thereby could negatively impact the ability of USO to meet its investment objective. USO has not limited the size of its offering and intends to utilize substantially all of its proceeds to purchase Oil Futures Contracts and Other Oil-Related Investments to the extent possible. If USO encounters accountability levels, position limits (including those set by the Position Limits Rule), or price fluctuation limits for Oil Futures Contracts on the NYMEX or ICE Futures, it may then, if permitted under applicable regulatory requirements, purchase Oil Futures Contracts on other exchanges that trade listed crude oil futures or enter into swaps or other permitted investments to meet its investment objective. In addition, if USO exceeds accountability levels on either the NYMEX or ICE Futures and is required by such exchanges to reduce its holdings, such reduction could potentially cause a tracking error between the price of USO’s shares and the price of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract. 41 Table of Contents Risk mitigation measures that could be imposed by USO’s FCMs have the potential to cause tracking error by limiting USO’s investments, including its ability to fully invest in the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract and other Oil Futures Contracts, which means that the changes in the price of USO’s shares could substantially vary from changes in the price of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract. USO’s FCMs have discretion to impose limits on the positions that USO may hold in the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract as well as certain other months. USO’s FCMs have in the past imposed, and may in the future impose, limits on the positions that USO may hold in the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract as well as certain other months that constrain USO’s ability to invest in the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract and other Oil Futures Contracts. For example, in the Spring of 2020, RBC Capital Markets, LLC (“RBC”) expressly informed USO that USO could not hold positions in the June Benchmark Oil Futures Contract expiring on May 19, 2020. At the time RBC imposed this restriction, RBC continued to trade and clear other Oil Futures Contracts for USO, including in connection with rolls and rebalances of its portfolio. At that time, RBC advised USO that, going forward, USO may only purchase additional Benchmark Oil Futures Contracts and other Oil Futures Contracts through RBC for rolls and rebalances of USO’s portfolio and not as investments for the proceeds of new Creation Baskets. The limits imposed by RBC on holdings in USO’s portfolio applied regardless of whether the Oil Futures Contracts purchased would be within the accountability levels and position limits permitted by NYMEX and ICE. Since then, RBC allowed USO to resume purchasing Oil Futures Contracts, including the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract, for investment of the proceeds from Creation Baskets. Since 2020, USO has entered into agreements with additional FCMs, none of which have precluded USO from purchasing, holding, or reinvesting the proceeds from the purchases of Creation Baskets in Oil Futures Contracts, including the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract. However, limits could be imposed by any of USO’s FCMs that limit USO’s ability to have a substantial portion of its assets invested in the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract. USO cannot predict with any certainty whether, or to what extent, any limitations may be imposed on USO by any FCM in the future. In addition, when offering Creation Baskets for purchase, limitations imposed by exchanges and/or any of USO’s FCMs could limit USO’s ability to invest the proceeds of the purchases of Creation Baskets in Benchmark Oil Futures Contracts and other Oil Futures Contracts. If this were the case, USO may invest in other permitted investments, including Other Oil-Related Investments, and may hold larger amounts of Treasuries, cash and cash equivalents, which could impair USO’s ability to meet its investment objective. Tax Risk An investor’s tax liability may exceed the amount of distributions, if any, on its shares. Cash or property will be distributed at the sole discretion of USCF. USCF has not and does not currently intend to make cash or other distributions with respect to shares. Investors will be required to pay U.S. federal income tax and, in some cases, state, local, or non-U.S.income tax, on their allocable share of USO’s taxable income, without regard to whether they receive distributions or the amount or value of any such distributions. Therefore, the tax liability of an investor with respect to its shares may exceed the amount of cash or value of property (if any) distributed with respect to such shares. An investor’s allocable share of taxable income or loss may differ from its economic income or loss on the shares. Due to the application of the assumptions and conventions applied by USO in making allocations for U.S. federal income tax purposes and other factors, an investor’s allocable share of USO’s income, gain, deduction, loss, or credit may be different than its economic profit or loss from the shares for a taxable year. This difference could be temporary or permanent and, if permanent, may subject an investor to tax on amounts in excess of its economic income. Items of income, gain, deduction, loss and credit with respect to shares could be reallocated, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and USO could be liable for U.S. federal income tax, if the IRS does not accept the assumptions and conventions applied by USO in allocating those items, with potential adverse consequences for an investor. USO applies certain assumptions and conventions in an attempt to comply with the intent of the applicable rules and to report taxable income, gains, deductions, losses and credits in a manner that properly reflects shareholders’ economic gains and losses. It is possible that the IRS could successfully challenge the application by USO of these assumptions and conventions as not fully complying with all aspects of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), and applicable U.S. Treasury Regulations, which would require USO to reallocate items of income, gain, deduction, loss or credit in a manner that adversely affects investors. If this occurs, investors may be required to file an amended U.S. federal income tax return and to pay additional taxes, plus deficiency interest, and may be subject to penalties. 42 Table of Contents USO may be liable for U.S. federal income tax on any “imputed underpayment” of tax resulting from an adjustment as a result of an IRS audit. The amount of the imputed underpayment generally includes increases in allocations of items of income or gain to any investor and decreases in allocations of items of deduction, loss, or credit to any investor without any offset for any corresponding reductions in allocations of items of income or gain to any investor or increases in allocations of items of deduction, loss, or credit to any investor. If USO is required to pay any U.S. federal income taxes on any imputed underpayment, the resulting tax liability would reduce the net assets of USO and would likely have an adverse impact on the value of the shares. Under certain circumstances, USO may be eligible to make an election to cause the investors to take into account the amount of any imputed underpayment, including any associated interest and penalties. The ability of a publicly traded partnership such as USO to elect this treatment is uncertain. If the election is made, USO would be required to provide investors who owned beneficial interests in the shares in the year to which the adjusted allocations relate with a statement setting forth their proportionate shares of the adjustment (“Adjusted K-1s”). The investors would be required to take the adjustment into account in the taxable year in which the Adjusted K-1s are issued. USO could be treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which may substantially reduce the value of the shares. USO has received an opinion of counsel that, under current U.S. federal income tax laws, USO will be treated as a partnership that is not taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, provided that (i) at least 90 percent of USO’s annual gross income will be derived from (a) income and gains from commodities (not held as inventory) or futures, forwards, options, swaps and other notional principal contracts with respect to commodities, and (b) interest income (“qualifying income”); (ii) USO is organized and operated in accordance with its governing agreements and applicable law; and (iii) USO does not elect to be taxed as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Although USCF anticipates that USO has satisfied and will continue to satisfy the “qualifying income” requirement for all of its taxable years, that result cannot be assured. USO has not requested and will not request any ruling from the IRS with respect to its classification as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. If the IRS were to successfully assert that USO is taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes in any taxable year, rather than passing through its income, gains, losses, deductions, and credits proportionately to its shareholders, USO would be subject to U.S. federal income tax imposed at the applicable corporate rates on its net income for the year. In addition, although USCF does not currently intend to make distributions with respect to USO shares, if USO were treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, any distributions made with respect to USO shares would be taxable to shareholders as dividend income to the extent of USO’s current and accumulated earnings and profits. Taxation of USO as a corporation could materially reduce the after-tax return on an investment in shares and could substantially reduce the value of the shares. USO is organized and operated as a limited partnership in accordance with the provisions of the LP Agreement and applicable state law, and therefore, USO has a more complex tax treatment than traditional mutual funds. USO is organized and operated as a limited partnership in accordance with the provisions of the LP Agreement and applicable state law, and is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. No U.S. federal income tax is paid by USO on its income. Instead, USO will furnish shareholders each year with tax information on IRS Schedules K-1 and/or K-3 (Form 1065), as applicable, and each U.S. shareholder is required to report on its U.S. federal income tax return its allocable share of the income, gain, loss, deduction, and credit of USO. These amounts must be reported without regard to the amount of cash or value of property the shareholder receives (if any) as a distribution from USO during the taxable year. A shareholder, therefore, may be allocated income or gain by USO but receive no cash distribution with which to pay the tax liability resulting from the allocation, or may receive a distribution that is insufficient to pay such liability. In addition to U.S. federal income taxes, shareholders may be subject to other taxes, such as state and local income taxes, unincorporated business taxes, business franchise taxes and estate, inheritance or intangible taxes that may be imposed by the various jurisdictions in which USO does business or owns property or where the shareholders reside. Although an analysis of those various taxes is not presented here, each prospective shareholder should consider their potential impact on its investment in USO. It is each shareholder’s responsibility to file the appropriate U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S.tax returns. 43 Table of Contents If USO is required to withhold tax with respect to any non-U.S. shareholders, the cost of such withholding may be borne by all shareholders. Under certain circumstances, USO may be required to pay withholding tax with respect to allocations to non-U.S. shareholders. Although the LP Agreement provides that any such withholding will be treated as being distributed to the non-U.S. shareholder, USO may not be able to cause the economic cost of such withholding to be borne by the non-U.S. shareholder on whose behalf such amounts were withheld since it does not generally expect to make any distributions. Under such circumstances, the economic cost of the withholding may be borne by all shareholders, not just the shareholders on whose behalf such amounts were withheld. This could have a material impact on the value of the shares. The impact of changes in U.S. federal income tax laws on USO is uncertain. In general, legislative or other actions relating to U.S. federal income taxes could have a negative effect on USO or its investors. Matters pertaining to U.S. federal income taxation are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process and by the IRS and the U.S. Treasury Department. The Trump Administration has proposed significant changes to the Code and existing U.S federal income tax regulations and there are a number of proposals in Congress that, if enacted, would similarly modify the Code. The likelihood of any such legislation being enacted is uncertain, but new legislation and any U.S. Treasury regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions interpreting such legislation could result in adverse tax consequences to USO and its investors. Investors are urged to consult with their tax advisor with respect to the status of legislative, regulatory or administrative developments and proposals and their potential effect on an investment in shares of USO. OTC Contract Risk USO will be subject to credit risk with respect to counterparties to OTC contracts entered into by USO. USO faces the risk of non-performance by counterparties to its OTC contracts. Unlike in futures contracts, the counterparty to OTC contracts is generally a single bank or other financial institution, rather than a clearing organization backed by a group of financial institutions. As a result, there will be greater counterparty credit risk in these transactions. A counterparty may not be able to meet its obligations to USO, in which case USO could suffer significant losses on these contracts. The two-way margining requirements imposed by U.S. regulators, discussed in “Item 1. Business – Commodities Regulation,” are intended to mitigate this risk. If a counterparty becomes bankrupt or otherwise fails to perform its obligations due to financial difficulties, USO may experience significant delays in obtaining recovery in a bankruptcy or other reorganization proceeding. USO may obtain only limited recovery or may obtain no recovery in such circumstances. USO mitigates these risks by typically entering into transactions only with major global financial institutions. Valuing OTC derivatives may be less certain than valuing exchange-traded and/or cleared financial instruments. In general, valuing OTC derivatives is less certain than valuing actively traded financial instruments such as exchange traded futures contracts and securities or cleared swaps because, for OTC derivatives, the price and terms on which such OTC derivatives are entered into or can be terminated are individually negotiated, and those prices and terms may not reflect the best price or terms available from other sources. In addition, while market makers and dealers generally quote indicative prices or terms for entering into or terminating OTC contracts, they typically are not contractually obligated to do so, particularly if they are not a party to the transaction. As a result, it may be difficult to obtain an independent value for an outstanding OTC derivatives transaction. USO’s rights under an OTC contract may be restricted by regulations. Regulations adopted by global prudential regulators that are now in effect require certain prudentially regulated entities and certain of their affiliates and subsidiaries (including swap dealers) to include in their derivatives contracts and certain other financial contracts terms that delay or restrict the rights of counterparties (such as USO) to terminate such contracts, foreclose upon collateral, exercise other default rights or restrict transfers of credit support in the event that the prudentially regulated entity and/or its affiliates are subject to certain types of resolution or insolvency proceedings. Similar regulations and laws have been adopted in non-U.S. jurisdictions that may apply to USO’s counterparties located in those jurisdictions. These requirements could adversely affect USO’s ability to terminate existing derivatives contracts, exercise default rights, or satisfy obligations owed to it with collateral received under such contracts if USO’s counterparty and/or its affiliates is subject to resolution or insolvency proceedings. 44 Table of Contents The use of swap agreements may expose USO to early termination risk, which could result in significant losses to USO. Swap agreements do not have uniform terms. A swap counterparty may have the right to close out USO’s position due to the occurrence of certain events (for example, if USO defaults on certain terms of the swap agreement, or if there is a material decline in USO’s NAV on a particular day) and request immediate payment of amounts owed by USO under the agreement. If the level of USO’s NAV has a dramatic intraday move, the terms of the swap agreement may permit the counterparty to close out a transaction with USO at a price calculated by the counterparty that, in good faith, represents such counterparty’s loss, but such loss may not represent fair market value. Other Risks USO is not leveraged, but it could become leveraged if it had insufficient assets to completely meet its margin or collateral requirements relating to its investments. Although permitted to do so under its LP Agreement, USO has not leveraged, and does not intend to leverage, its assets through borrowings or otherwise, and USO makes its investments accordingly. Consistent with the foregoing, USO’s investments will take into account the need for USO to maintain adequate liquidity to meet its margin and collateral requirements and to avoid, to the extent reasonably possible, USO becoming leveraged. If market conditions require it, USO may implement risk reduction procedures, which may include changes to USO’s investments, and such changes may occur on short notice. USO does not and will not borrow money or use debt to satisfy its margin or collateral obligations in respect of its investments, but it could become leveraged if USO were to hold insufficient assets that would allow it to meet not only the current, but also future, margin or collateral obligations required for such investments. Such a circumstance could occur if USO were to hold assets that have a value of less than zero. USCF endeavors to have the value of USO’s Treasuries, cash and cash equivalents, whether held by USO or posted as margin or other collateral, at all times approximate the aggregate market value of its obligations under its Oil Futures Contracts and Other Oil-Related Investments. USO may temporarily limit the offering of Creation Baskets. USO may determine to limit the issuance of its shares through the offering of Creation Baskets to its Authorized Participants in order to allow it to reinvest the proceeds from sales of its Creation Baskets in currently permitted assets in a manner that meets its investment objective. USO will announce to the market through the filing of a Current Report on Form 8-K if it intends to limit the offering of Creation Baskets at any time. In such case, orders for Creation Baskets will be considered for acceptance in the order they are received by USO and USO would continue to accept requests for redemption of its shares from Authorized Participants through Redemption Baskets during the period of the limited offering of Creation Baskets. Certain of USO’s investments could be illiquid, which could cause large losses to investors at any time or from time to time. Futures positions cannot always be liquidated at the desired price. It is difficult to execute a trade at a specific price when there is a relatively small volume of buy and sell orders in a market. A market disruption, such as a war or a foreign government taking political actions that disrupt the market for its currency, its crude oil production or exports, or another major export, can also make it difficult to liquidate a position. Because both Oil Futures Contracts and Other Oil-Related Investments may be illiquid, USO’s Oil Interests may be more difficult to liquidate at favorable prices in periods of illiquid markets and losses may be incurred during the period in which positions are being liquidated. The large size of the positions that USO may acquire increases the risk of illiquidity both by making its positions more difficult to liquidate and by potentially increasing losses while trying to do so. OTC contracts that are not subject to clearing may be even less marketable than futures contracts because they are not traded on an exchange, do not have uniform terms and conditions, and are entered into based upon the creditworthiness of the parties and the availability of credit support, such as collateral, and in general, they are not transferable without the consent of the counterparty. These conditions make such contracts less liquid than standardized futures contracts traded on an exchange and could adversely impact USO’s ability to realize the full value of such contracts. In addition, even if collateral is used to reduce counterparty credit risk, sudden changes in the value of OTC transactions may leave a party open to financial risk due to a counterparty default since the collateral held may not cover a party’s exposure on the transaction in such situations. 45 Table of Contents USO is not actively managed and its investment objective is to track the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract so that the average daily percentage change in USO’s NAV for any period of 30 successive valuation days will be within plus/minus ten percent (10%) of the average daily percentage change in the price of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract over the same period. USO is not actively managed by conventional methods. Accordingly, if USO’s investments in Oil Interests are declining in value, in the ordinary course, USO will not close out such positions except in connection with paying the proceeds to an Authorized Participant upon the redemption of a basket or closing out its positions in Oil Futures Contracts and other permitted investments (i) in connection with the monthly change in the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract; (ii) when USO otherwise determines it would be appropriate to do so, e.g., due to regulatory requirements or risk mitigation measures (including those that may be taken by USO, USO’s FCMs, counterparties or other market participants); or (iii) to avoid USO becoming leveraged, and it reinvests the proceeds in new Oil Futures Contracts or Other Oil-Related Investments to the extent possible. USCF will seek to cause the NAV of USO’s shares to track the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract during periods in which its price is flat or declining as well as when the price is rising. USO has always had the ability to invest in Oil Futures Contracts beyond the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract and in Other Oil-Related Investments, such as OTC swaps. USO may invest in Oil Futures Contracts beyond the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract, and/or Other Oil-Related Investments, and/or USO may need to hold significant portions of its portfolio in cash beyond what it has historically held for reasons including (but not limited to) the need to address the changes in market conditions, regulatory requirements or risk mitigation measures (including those that may be taken by market participants generally including USO), or the need to satisfy potential margin requirements. USO’s ability to invest in the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract and/or Other Oil-Related Investments, could be limited as a result of any or all of the above reasons. USO may not meet the listing standards of NYSE Arca, which would adversely impact an investor’s ability to sell shares. USO’s shares are listed for trading on the NYSE Arca under the market symbol “USO.” NYSE Arca may suspend USO’s shares from trading on the exchange with or without prior notice to USO, upon failure of USO to comply with the NYSE’s listing requirements, or when in its sole discretion, the NYSE Arca determines that such suspension of dealings is in the public interest or otherwise warranted. There can be no assurance that the requirements necessary to maintain the listing of USO’s shares will continue to be met or will remain unchanged. If USO were unable to meet the NYSE’s listing standards and were to become delisted, an investor’s ability to sell its shares would be adversely impacted. The NYSE Arca may halt trading in USO’s shares, which would adversely impact an investor’s ability to sell shares. Trading in shares may be halted due to market conditions or, in light of NYSE Arca rules and procedures, for reasons that, in the view of the NYSE Arca, make trading in shares inadvisable. In addition, trading is subject to trading halts caused by extraordinary market volatility pursuant to “circuit breaker” rules that require trading to be halted for a specified period based on a specified market decline. The liquidity of USO’s shares may also be affected by the withdrawal from participation of Authorized Participants, which could adversely affect the market price of the shares. In the event that one or more Authorized Participants which have substantial interests in the shares withdraw from participation, the liquidity of USO’s shares will likely decrease, which could adversely affect the market price of the shares and result in investors incurring a loss on their investment. Shareholders that are not Authorized Participants may only purchase or sell their shares in secondary trading markets, and the conditions associated with trading in secondary markets may adversely affect investors’ investment in the shares. Only Authorized Participants may directly purchase shares from or redeem shares with, USO through Creation Baskets or Redemption Baskets, respectively. All other investors that desire to purchase or sell shares must do so through the NYSE Arca or in other markets, if any, in which the shares may be traded. Shares may trade at a premium or discount relative to NAV per share. The lack of an active trading market for USO’s shares may result in losses on an investor’s investment in USO at the time the investor sells the shares. Although USO’s shares are listed and traded on the NYSE Arca, there can be no guarantee that an active trading market for the shares will be maintained. If an investor needs to sell shares at a time when no active trading market for them exists, the price the investor receives upon sale of the shares, assuming they were able to be sold, likely would be lower than if an active market existed. 46 Table of Contents Limited partners and shareholders do not participate in the management of USO and do not control USCF, so they do not have any influence over basic matters that affect USO. The limited partners and shareholders take no part in the management or control, and have a minimal voice in USO’s operations or business. Limited partners and shareholders must therefore rely upon the duties and judgment of USCF to manage USO’s affairs. Limited partners and shareholders have no right to elect USCF on an annual or any other continuing basis. If USCF voluntarily withdraws, however, the holders of a majority of USO’s outstanding shares (excluding for purposes of such determination shares owned, if any, by the withdrawing general partner and its affiliates) may elect its successor. USCF may not be removed as general partner except upon approval by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2/3 percent of USO’s outstanding shares (excluding shares, if any, owned by USCF and its affiliates), subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions set forth in the LP Agreement. Limited partners may have limited liability in certain circumstances, including potentially having liability for the return of wrongful distributions. Under Delaware law, a limited partner might be held liable for USO’s obligations as if it were a general partner if the limited partner participates in the control of the partnership’s business and the persons who transact business with the partnership think the limited partner is the general partner. A limited partner will not be liable for assessments in addition to its initial capital investment in any of USO’s shares. However, a limited partner may be required to repay to USO any amounts wrongfully returned or distributed to it under some circumstances. Under Delaware law, USO may not make a distribution to limited partners if the distribution causes USO’s liabilities (other than liabilities to partners on account of their partnership interests and nonrecourse liabilities) to exceed the fair value of USO’s assets. Delaware law provides that a limited partner who receives such a distribution and knew at the time of the distribution that the distribution violated the law will be liable to the limited partnership for the amount of the distribution for three years from the date of the distribution. USCF’s LLC Agreement provides limited authority to the Non-Management Directors, and any Director of USCF may be removed by USCF’s parent company, which is wholly owned by The Marygold Companies, Inc., a controlled public company where the majority of shares are owned by Nicholas D. Gerber along with certain of his family members and certain other shareholders. USCF’s Board of Directors currently consists of four Management Directors, who are also executive officers or employees of USCF, and three Non-Management Directors, who are considered independent for purposes of applicable NYSE Arca and SEC rules. Under USCF’s LLC Agreement, the Non-Management Directors have only such authority as the Management Directors expressly confer upon them, which means that the Non-Management Directors may have less authority to control the actions of the Management Directors than is typically the case with the independent members of a company’s Board of Directors. In addition, any Director may be removed by written consent of USCF Investments, Inc. (“USCF Investments”), formerly Wainwright Holdings, Inc., which is the sole member of USCF. The sole shareholder of USCF Investments is The Marygold Companies, Inc., formerly Concierge Technologies, Inc. (“Marygold”), a company publicly traded under the ticker symbol “MGLD.” Mr. Nicholas D. Gerber, along with certain of his family members and certain other shareholders, owns the majority of the shares in Marygold, which is the sole shareholder of USCF Investments, the sole member of USCF. Accordingly, although USCF is governed by the USCF Board of Directors, which consists of both Management Directors and Non-Management Directors, pursuant to the LLC Agreement, it is possible for Mr. Gerber to exercise his indirect control of USCF Investments to effect the removal of any Director (including the Non-Management Directors which comprise the Audit Committee) and to replace that Director with another Director. Having control in one person could have a negative impact on USCF and USO, including their regulatory obligations. There is a risk that USO will not earn trading gains sufficient to compensate for the fees and expenses that it must pay and as such USO may not earn any profit. USO pays brokerage charges of approximately 0.10% of average total net assets based on brokerage fees of $3.50 per buy or sell, management fees of 0.45% of NAV on its average net assets, and OTC spreads and extraordinary expenses (e.g., subsequent offering expenses, other expenses not in the ordinary course of business, including the indemnification of any person against liabilities and obligations to the extent permitted by law and required under the LP Agreement and under agreements entered into by USCF on USO’s behalf and the bringing and defending of actions at law or in equity and otherwise engaging in the conduct of litigation and the incurring of legal expenses and the settlement of claims and litigation) that cannot be quantified. These fees and expenses must be paid in all cases regardless of whether USO’s activities are profitable. Accordingly, USO must earn trading gains sufficient to compensate for these fees and expenses before it can earn any profit. 47 Table of Contents USO is subject to extensive regulatory reporting and compliance. USO is subject to a comprehensive scheme of regulation under the federal commodities and securities laws. USO could be subject to sanctions for a failure to comply with those requirements, which could adversely affect its financial performance (in the case of financial penalties) or ability to pursue its investment objective (in the case of a limitation on its ability to trade). Because USO’s shares are publicly traded, USO is subject to certain rules and regulations of federal, state and financial market exchange entities charged with the protection of investors and the oversight of companies whose securities are publicly traded. These entities include the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (the “PCAOB”), the SEC, the CFTC, the NFA, and NYSE Arca and these authorities have continued to develop additional regulations or interpretations of existing regulations. USO’s ongoing efforts to comply with these regulations and interpretations have resulted in, and in the future, may result in, a diversion of management’s time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance related activities. USO is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. USO’s internal control system is designed to provide reasonable assurance to its management regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective may provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Regulatory changes or actions, including the implementation of new legislation are impossible to predict but may significantly and adversely affect USO. The futures markets are subject to comprehensive statutes, regulations, and margin requirements. Such statutes, regulations and requirements are subject to ongoing modification by governmental and judicial action. This is particularly so whenever there is a change in presidential administration, which can lead to changes in regulatory priorities and policy. The effect of any future regulatory change on USO is impossible to predict, but it could be substantial and adverse. In addition, the CFTC SEC, futures exchanges, and other entities are authorized to take extraordinary actions in the event of a market emergency including, for example, the retroactive implementation of speculative position limits or higher margin requirements, the establishment of daily price limits and the suspension of trading. For a more detailed discussion of the regulations to be imposed by the CFTC and the SEC and the potential impacts thereof on USO, please see “Item 1. Business - Commodities Regulation” in this annual report on Form 10-K. USO is not a registered investment company so shareholders do not have the protections of the 1940 Act. USO is not an investment company subject to the 1940 Act. Accordingly, investors do not have the protections afforded by that statute, which, for example, requires investment companies to have a majority of disinterested directors and regulates the relationship between the investment company and its investment manager. Trading in international markets could expose USO to credit and regulatory risk. USO invests primarily in Oil Futures Contracts, a significant portion of which are traded on United States exchanges, including the NYMEX. However, a portion of USO’s trades may take place on markets and exchanges outside the United States. Trading on such non-U.S. markets or exchanges presents risks because they are not subject to the same degree of regulation as their U.S. counterparts, including potentially different or diminished investor protections. In trading contracts denominated in currencies other than U.S. dollars, USO is subject to the risk of adverse exchange-rate movements between the U.S. dollar and the functional currencies of such contracts. Additionally, trading on non-U.S. exchanges is subject to the risks presented by exchange controls, expropriation, increased tax burdens and exposure to local economic declines and political instability. An adverse development with respect to any of these variables could reduce the profit or increase the loss earned on trades in the affected international markets. USO and USCF may have conflicts of interest, which may permit them to favor their own interests to the detriment of shareholders. USO is subject to actual and potential inherent conflicts involving USCF, various commodity futures brokers and Authorized Participants. USCF’s officers, directors and employees do not devote their time exclusively to USO and also are directors, officers or employees of other entities that may compete with USO for their services. They could have a conflict between their responsibilities to USO and to those other entities. As a result of these and other relationships, parties involved with USO have a financial incentive to act in a manner other than in the best interests of USO and the shareholders. USCF has not established any formal procedure to resolve conflicts of interest. Consequently, investors are dependent on the good faith of the respective parties subject to such conflicts of interest to resolve them equitably. Although USCF attempts to monitor these conflicts, it is extremely difficult, if not impossible, for USCF to ensure that these conflicts do not, in fact, result in adverse consequences to the shareholders. 48 Table of Contents USCF serves as the general partner or sponsor to each of USO and the Related Public Funds. USCF may have a conflict to the extent that its trading decisions for USO may be influenced by the effect they would have on the other funds it manages. By way of example, if, as a result of reaching position limits imposed by the NYMEX, USO purchased oil futures contracts, this decision could impact USO’s ability to purchase additional oil futures contracts if the number of contracts held by funds managed by USCF reached the maximum allowed by the NYMEX. Similar situations could adversely affect the ability of the Related Public Funds to track their benchmark futures contract(s). USO may also be subject to certain conflicts with respect to its FCMs, including, but not limited to, conflicts that result from the FCM receiving greater amounts of compensation from other clients, or purchasing opposite or competing positions on behalf of third-party accounts traded through the FCMs. In addition, USCF’s principals, officers, directors or employees may trade futures and related contracts for their own account. A conflict of interest may exist if their trades are in the same markets and at the same time as USO trades using the clearing broker to be used by USO. A potential conflict also may occur if USCF’s principals, officers, directors or employees trade their accounts more aggressively or take positions in their accounts which are opposite, or ahead of, the positions taken by USO. USO could terminate at any time and cause the liquidation and potential loss of an investor’s investment and could upset the overall maturity and timing of an investor’s investment portfolio. USO may terminate at any time, regardless of whether USO has incurred losses, subject to the terms of the LP Agreement. In particular, unforeseen circumstances, including, but not limited to, (i) market conditions, regulatory requirements, risk mitigation measures (including those that may be taken by USO, USO’s FCMs, counterparties or other market participants) that would lead USO to determine that it could no longer foreseeably meet its investment objective or that USO’s aggregate net assets in relation to its operating expenses or its margin or collateral requirements make the continued operation of USO unreasonable or imprudent, or (ii) adjudication of incompetence, bankruptcy, dissolution, withdrawal, or removal of USCF as the general partner of USO could cause USO, to terminate unless a majority interest of the limited partners within 90 days of the event elects to continue the partnership and appoints a successor general partner, or the affirmative vote of a majority in interest of the limited partners subject to certain conditions. However, no level of losses will require USCF to terminate USO. USO’s termination would cause the liquidation and potential loss of an investor’s investment. Termination could also negatively affect the overall maturity and timing of an investor’s investment portfolio. USO does not expect to make cash distributions. USO has not previously made any cash distributions and intends to reinvest any realized gains in additional Oil Interests rather than distributing cash to limited partners, or other shareholders. Therefore, unlike mutual funds, commodity pools or other investment pools that actively manage their investments in an attempt to realize income and gains from their investing activities and distribute such income and gains to their investors, USO generally does not expect to distribute cash to limited partners. An investor should not invest in USO if the investor will need cash distributions from USO to pay taxes on its share of income and gains of USO, if any, or for any other reason. Nonetheless, although USO does not intend to make cash distributions, the income earned from its investments held directly or posted as margin may reach levels that merit distribution, e.g., at levels where such income is not necessary to support its underlying investments in Oil Interests and investors adversely react to being taxed on such income without receiving distributions that could be used to pay such tax. If this income becomes significant then cash distributions may be made. An unanticipated number of Redemption Basket requests during a short period of time could have an adverse effect on USO’s NAV. If a substantial number of requests for redemption of Redemption Baskets are received by USO during a relatively short period of time, USO may not be able to satisfy the requests from USO’s assets not committed to trading. As a consequence, it could be necessary to liquidate positions in USO’s trading positions before the time that the trading strategies would otherwise dictate liquidation. 49 Table of Contents The suspension in the ability of Authorized Participants to purchase Creation Baskets could cause USO’s NAV to differ materially from its trading price. In the event that there was a suspension in the ability of Authorized Participants to purchase additional Creation Baskets, Authorized Participants and other groups that make a market in shares of USO would likely still continue to actively trade the shares. However, in such a situation, Authorized Participants and other market makers may seek to adjust the market they make in the shares. Specifically, such market participants may increase the spread between the prices that they quote for offers to buy and sell shares to allow them to adjust to the potential uncertainty as to when they might be able to purchase additional Creation Baskets of shares. In addition, Authorized Participants may be less willing to offer to quote offers to buy or sell shares in large numbers. The potential impact of either wider spreads between bid and offer prices, or reduced number of shares on which quotes may be available, could increase the trading costs to investors in USO compared to the quotes and the number of shares on which bids and offers are made if the Authorized Participants still were able to freely create new baskets of shares. In addition, there could be a significant variation between an the market price at which shares are traded and the shares’ NAV, which is also the price at which shares can be redeemed with USO by Authorized Participants in Redemption Baskets. The foregoing could also create significant deviations from USO’s investment objective. Any potential impact to the market for shares of USO that could occur from Authorized Participant’s inability to create new baskets would likely not extend beyond the time when USO resumes selling Creation Baskets. For example, USO suspended purchases of Creation Baskets in April 2020 as a result of the exhaustion of available SEC registered shares that could be issued by USO due to unexpected demand during the aforementioned market volatility arising from the COVID-19 pandemic, related supply chain disruptions, war and disputes among oil-producing countries. This resulted in the market price of USO shares on April 21, 2020 trading at 36% higher than USO’s reported end-of-day per share NAV. The high premium that occurred in the Spring of 2020 was short-lived and fell almost immediately, notwithstanding the suspension of sales of Creation Baskets. On April 22, 2020, the market price of USO shares fell to a level of 8.66% above the per share NAV, and, from April 23, 2020, continued its decline to 1.45% on May 1, 2020. For the period beginning May 1, 2020 and ending May 29, 2020 the premium averaged 2.25%, and for the period from beginning June 30, 2020 through December 31, 2020, the premium averaged -0.14%. Investors should be aware that high premiums such as those that occurred in April 2020 can be transitory. Any potential premium or impact to the market in shares of USO that could occur from the Authorized Participants’ inability to purchase new Creation Baskets would likely not extend beyond the time when USO resumes selling Creation Baskets. USO may determine that, to allow it to reinvest the proceeds from sales of its Creation Baskets in currently permitted assets in a manner that meets its investment objective, it may limit or suspend its offers of Creation Baskets. USO may determine to limit the issuance of its shares through the offering of Creation Baskets to its Authorized Participants. As a result of certain circumstances described herein, including (1) the need to comply with regulatory requirements (including, but not limited to, exchange accountability levels and position limits as well as statutory or regulatory limits); (2) market conditions (including but not limited to those allowing USO to obtain greater liquidity or to execute transactions with more favorable pricing); and (3) risk mitigation measures (including those that may be taken by USO, USO’s FCMs, counterparties or other market participants) that limit USO and other market participants from investing in particular crude oil futures contracts, USO’s management may determine that it will limit the issuance of shares and the offerings of Creation Baskets because it is unable to invest the proceeds from such offerings in investments that would permit it to reasonably meet its investment objective. If such a determination is made, the same consequences associated with a suspension of the offering of Creation Baskets, as described in the foregoing risk factor, “The suspension in the ability of Authorized Participants to purchase Creation Baskets could cause USO’s NAV to differ materially from its trading price,” could also occur as a result of USO determining to limit the offering of Creation Baskets. 50 Table of Contents USO may be subject to interest rate risk, which may prevent USO from investing fully at prevailing rates until any current investments in Treasuries mature in order to avoid selling those investments at a loss. Interest rate risk is the risk that fixed income securities and other investments in USO’s portfolio will fluctuate in value because of a change in interest rates. Interest rate changes can be sudden and unpredictable, and USO may lose money because of movements in interest rates. When interest rates rise, the value of fixed income securities typically falls. In a rising interest rate environment, USO may not be able to fully invest at prevailing rates until any current investments in Treasuries mature in order to avoid selling those investments at a loss. Interest rate risk is generally lower for shorter term investments and higher for longer term investments. In addition, in rising interest rate environments, it is possible that the Treasuries held by USO will decline in value. When interest rates fall, USO may be required to reinvest the proceeds from the sale, redemption or early prepayment of a Treasuries or money market security at a lower interest rate. As inflation increases, the present value of USO’s assets may decline. Inflation is a general increase in the overall price level of goods and services in the economy. The United States Federal Reserve has a stated goal of maintaining a two percent increase in inflation over the long run, as measured by the annual change in the price index for personal consumption expenditures. Following the COVID-19 pandemic, the United States experienced inflation above the Federal Reserve’s stated two percent goal. Other world economies similarly experienced elevated inflation rates. The Federal Reserve increased interest rates and successfully reduced inflation so that it is close to the stated two percent goal. As a result, in 2024, the Federal Reserve began reducing interest rates. However, the rate of inflation in the United States is still above the stated two percent goal. Inflation has the effect of eroding the value of cash or bonds. In a high inflation environment, the value of USO’s cash and Treasury investments may decline. USO may potentially lose money by investing in government money market funds. USO invests in government money market funds. Although such government money market funds seek to preserve the value of an investment at $1.00 per share, there is no guarantee that they will be able to do so and USO may lose money by investing in a government money market fund. An investment in a government money market fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the “FDIC”), or any other government agency. The share price of a government money market fund can fall below the $1.00 share price. USO cannot rely on or expect a government money market fund’s adviser or its affiliates to enter into support agreements or take other actions to maintain the government money market fund’s $1.00 share price. The credit quality of a government money market fund’s holdings can change rapidly in certain markets, and the default of a single holding could have an adverse impact on the government money market fund’s share price. Due to fluctuations in interest rates, the market value of securities held by a government money market fund may vary. A government money market fund’s share price can also be negatively affected during periods of high redemption pressures and/or illiquid markets. The failure or bankruptcy of a clearing broker could result in a substantial loss of USO’s assets and could impair USO in its ability to execute trades. The CEA and CFTC regulations impose several requirements on FCMs and clearing houses that are designed to protect customers, including mandating the implementation of risk management programs, internal monitoring and controls, capital and liquidity standards, customer disclosures, and auditing and examination programs. In particular, the CEA and CFTC regulations require FCMs and clearing houses to segregate all funds received from customers from proprietary assets. There can be no assurance that the requirements imposed by the CEA and CFTC regulations will prevent losses to, or not materially adversely affect, USO or its investors. In particular, in the event of an FCM’s or clearing house’s bankruptcy, USO could be limited to recovering either a pro rata share of all available funds segregated on behalf of the FCM’s combined customer accounts or USO may not recover any assets at all. USO may also incur a loss of any unrealized profits on its open and closed positions. This is because if such a bankruptcy were to occur, USO would be afforded the protections granted to customers of an FCM, and participants to transactions cleared through a clearing house, under the United States Bankruptcy Code and applicable CFTC regulations. Such provisions generally provide for a pro rata distribution to customers of customer property held by the bankrupt FCM or an Exchange’s clearing house if the customer property held by the FCM or the Exchange’s clearing house is insufficient to satisfy all customer claims. 51 Table of Contents Bankruptcy of a clearing FCM can be caused by, among other things, the default of one of the FCM’s customers. In this event, the Exchange’s clearing house is permitted to use the entire amount of margin posted by USO (as well as margin posted by other customers of the FCM) to cover the amounts owed by the bankrupt FCM. Consequently, USO could be unable to recover amounts due to it on its futures positions, including assets posted as margin, and could sustain substantial losses. Notwithstanding that USO could sustain losses upon the failure or bankruptcy of its FCM, the majority of USO’s assets are held in Treasuries, cash and/or cash equivalents with USO’s Custodian and would not be impacted by the bankruptcy of an FCM. The failure or bankruptcy of USO’s Custodian could result in a substantial loss of USO’s assets. The majority of USO’s assets are held in Treasuries, cash and/or cash equivalents with the Custodian. The insolvency of the Custodian could result in a complete loss of USO’s assets held by that Custodian, which, at any given time, would likely comprise a substantial portion of USO’s total assets. Competing claims of intellectual property rights may adversely affect USO and an investment in USO’s shares. USCF believes that it has properly licensed or obtained the appropriate consent of all necessary parties with respect to intellectual property rights. However, other third parties could allege ownership as to such rights and may bring legal action asserting their claims. The expenses in litigating, negotiating, cross-licensing or otherwise settling such claims may adversely affect USO. Additionally, as a result of such action, USO could potentially change its investment objective, strategies or benchmark. Each of these factors could have a negative impact on the performance of USO. Due to the increased use of technologies, intentional and unintentional cyber-attacks pose operational and information security risks. With the increased use of technologies such as the Internet and the dependence on computer systems to perform necessary business functions, USO is susceptible to operational and information security risks. In general, cyber incidents can result from deliberate attacks or unintentional events such as a cyber-attack against USO, a natural catastrophe, an industrial accident, failure of USO’s disaster recovery systems, or consequential employee error. Cyber-attacks include, but are not limited to, gaining unauthorized access to digital systems for purposes of misappropriating assets or sensitive information, corrupting data, or causing operational disruption. Cyber - attacks may also be carried out in a manner that does not require gaining unauthorized access, such as causing denial-of-service attacks on websites. Cyber security failures or breaches of USO’s clearing broker or third party service provider (including, but not limited to, index providers, the administrator and transfer agent, the custodian), have the ability to cause disruptions and impact business operations, potentially resulting in financial losses, the inability of USO shareholders to transact business, violations of applicable privacy and other laws, regulatory fines, penalties, reputational damage, reimbursement or other compensation costs, and/or additional compliance costs. Adverse effects can become particularly acute if those events affect USO’s electronic data processing, transmission, storage, and retrieval systems, or impact the availability, integrity, or confidentiality of our data. In addition, a service provider that has experienced a cyber-security incident may divert resources normally devoted to servicing USO to addressing the incident, which would be likely to have an adverse effect on USO’s operations. Cyber-attacks may also cause disruptions to the futures exchanges and clearinghouses through which USO invests in futures contracts, which could result in disruptions to USO’s ability to pursue its investment objective, resulting in financial losses to USO and its shareholders. In addition, substantial costs may be incurred in order to prevent any cyber incidents in the future. USO and its shareholders could be negatively impacted as a result. While USCF and the Related Public Funds, including USO, have established business continuity plans, there are inherent limitations in such plans, including the possibility that certain risks have not been identified or that new risks will emerge before countervailing measures can be implemented. Furthermore, USO cannot control cybersecurity plans and systems of its service providers, market makers or Authorized Participants. 52 Table of Contents USO’s investment returns could be negatively affected by climate change and greenhouse gas restrictions. Driven by concern over the risks of climate change, a number of countries have adopted, or are considering the adoption of, regulatory frameworks to reduce greenhouse gas emissions or production and use of oil and gas. These include adoption of cap and trade regimes, carbon taxes, trade tariffs, minimum renewable usage requirements, restrictive permitting, increased efficiency standards, and incentives or mandates for renewable energy. Political and other actors and their agents increasingly seek to advance climate change objectives indirectly, such as by seeking to reduce the availability of or increase the cost for, financial and investment in the oil and gas sector and taking actions intended to promote changes in business strategy for oil and gas companies. Many governments are also providing tax advantages and other subsidies to support transitioning to alternative energy sources or mandating the use of specific fuels other than oil or natural gas. Depending on how policies are formulated and applied, they could have the potential to negatively affect USO’s investment returns and make oil and natural gas products more expensive or less competitive. USO and USCF are subjects of class action, derivative and other litigation. In light of the inherent uncertainties involved in litigation matters, an adverse outcome in this litigation could materially adversely affect USO’s and USCF’s financial condition. USO, USCF and USCF’s directors and certain of its officers are currently subject to litigation. Estimating an amount or range of possible losses resulting from litigation proceedings to USO and USCF is inherently difficult and requires an extensive degree of judgment, particularly where the matters involve indeterminate claims for monetary damages and are subject to appeal. In addition, because most legal proceedings are resolved over extended periods of time, potential losses are subject to change due to, among other things, new developments, changes in legal strategy, the outcome of intermediate procedural and substantive rulings and other parties’ settlement posture and their evaluation of the strength or weakness of their case against USO and USCF. For these reasons, we are currently unable to predict the ultimate timing or outcome of, or reasonably estimate the possible losses or a range of possible losses resulting therefrom. In light of the inherent uncertainties involved in such matters, an adverse outcome in this litigation could materially adversely affect USO’s or USCF’s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows in any particular reporting period. In addition, litigation could result in substantial costs and divert USCF’s management’s attention and resources from conducting USCF’s operations, including the management of USO and the Related Public Funds. For more information, see “Item 3. Legal Proceedings” in this annual report on Form 10-K. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. Not applicable. Item 1C. Cybersecurity. In general, cybersecurity incidents can result from deliberate attacks or unintentional events such as a cyber-attack against USCF, a natural catastrophe, an industrial accident, failure of USO’s disaster recovery systems, or consequential employee error. Cyber-attacks include, but are not limited to, gaining unauthorized access to digital systems for purposes of misappropriating assets or sensitive information, corrupting data, or causing operational disruption. Cyber-attacks may also be carried out in a manner that does not require gaining unauthorized access, such as causing denial-of-service attacks on websites. Cyber security failures or breaches of a fund’s clearing broker or third party service provider (including, but not limited to, index providers, the administrator and transfer agent, the custodian), have the ability to cause disruptions and impact business operations, potentially resulting in financial losses, the inability of fund shareholders to transact business, violations of applicable privacy and other laws, regulatory fines, penalties, reputational damage, reimbursement or other compensation costs, and/or additional compliance costs. Risk Management USO does not have computer systems or networks. Pursuant to the terms of the LP Agreement, USO’s affairs are managed by USCF. USCF has implemented an information security program that is focused on ensuring the security and protection of computer systems and oversight of third-party service providers. This program includes specific provisions pertaining to data security and the security of information that, if disclosed, could have detrimental effects on USO. Such provisions relate to the handling of information and computers, as well as the protection of computer systems and software from unauthorized persons. USCF engages a third-party consultant and service provider to assist with information technology services and advise on USCF’s information technology infrastructure. As needed, but no less frequently than annually, USCF evaluates its cybersecurity risk profile in accordance with its compliance policies and procedures. To mitigate the risks from cybersecurity threats posed by third parties, USCF conducts due diligence on its critical third-party service providers with respect to (1) the cybersecurity programs and policies that they have in place as well as how they safeguard sensitive information, and (2) how those programs and policies apply to customers, including USCF and USO. 53 Table of Contents USCF’s procedures include guidance for determining the materiality of cybersecurity incidents, including with respect to cybersecurity incidents experienced by third-party service providers. Such determinations are made by USCF’s senior management, including its Chief Executive Officer , which uses both qualitative and quantitative factors in assessing the material impact of an incident. The factors include the functional impact, the information impact, costs, the observed activity, the location of observed activity, actor characterization, and recoverability of information. As of the date of this report, USCF is not aware of any material risks from cybersecurity threats that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect USO, including its business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. Governance The Director of Compliance , as identified below, provides regular reports to USCF’s Board of Directors on developments to the information security and cybersecurity risks facing USO. Reports may include, among other things, an overview of the controls and procedures related to assessing, identifying, and managing risks related to cybersecurity threats, oversight of third-party service providers and related cybersecurity threats, and management’s evaluation of cybersecurity risks material to USO. Item 2. Properties. Not applicable. Item 3. Legal Proceedings. From time to time, USO may be involved in legal proceedings arising primarily from the ordinary course of its business. In addition, USCF, as the general partner of USO and the Related Public Funds may, from time to time, be involved in litigation arising out of its operations in the ordinary course of business. Except as described herein, neither USO nor USCF is currently party to any material legal proceedings. Optimum Strategies Action On April 6, 2022, USO and USCF were named as defendants in an action filed by Optimum Strategies Fund I, LP, a purported investor in call option contracts on USO (the “Optimum Strategies Action”). The action was in the U.S. District Court for the District of Connecticut at Civil Action No. 3:22-cv-00511. The Optimum Strategies Action asserted claims under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “1934 Act”), Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and the Connecticut Uniform Securities Act (“CUSA”). It purported to challenge statements in registration statements that became effective in February 2020, March 2020, and on April 20, 2020, as well as public statements between February 2020 and May 2020, in connection with certain extraordinary market conditions and the attendant risks that caused the demand for oil to fall precipitously, including the COVID-19 global pandemic and the Saudi Arabia-Russia oil price war. The complaint was seeking damages, interest, costs, attorney’s fees, and equitable relief. On March 15, 2023, the court granted the USO defendants’ motion to dismiss the complaint. In its ruling, the court granted the USO defendants’ motion to dismiss, with prejudice, the plaintiff’s claims under Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and a claim for control person liability under Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act. Having dismissed all claims over which the court had original jurisdiction, the court declined to exercise supplemental jurisdiction over the plaintiff’s state law claim under CUSA and dismissed the claim without prejudice. No notice of appeal was filed. Settlement of SEC and CFTC Investigations On November 8, 2021, USCF and USO announced a resolution with each of the SEC and the CFTC relating to matters set forth in certain Wells Notices issued by the staffs of each of the SEC and CFTC as more fully described below. On August 17, 2020, USCF, USO, and John Love received a “Wells Notice” from the staff of the SEC (the “SEC Wells Notice”). The SEC Wells Notice stated that the SEC staff made a preliminary determination to recommend that the SEC file an enforcement action against USCF, USO, and Mr. Love alleging violations of Sections 17(a)(1) and 17(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “1933 Act”), and Section 10(b) of the 1934 Act, and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. 54 Table of Contents Subsequently, on August 19, 2020, USCF, USO, and Mr. Love received a Wells Notice from the staff of the CFTC (the “CFTC Wells Notice”). The CFTC Wells Notice stated that the CFTC staff made a preliminary determination to recommend that the CFTC file an enforcement action against USCF, USO, and Mr. Love alleging violations of Sections 4o(1)(A) and (B) and 6(c)(1) of the Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended (the “CEA”), 7 U.S.C. §§ 6o(1)(A) and (B) and 9(1) (2018), and CFTC Regulations 4.26, 4.41, and 180.1(a), 17 C.F.R. §§ 4.26, 4.41, 180.1(a) (2019). On November 8, 2021, acting pursuant to an offer of settlement submitted by USCF and USO, the SEC issued an order instituting cease-and-desist proceedings, making findings, and imposing a cease-and-desist order pursuant to Section 8A of the 1933 Act, directing USCF and USO to cease and desist from committing or causing any violations of Section 17(a)(3) of the 1933 Act, 15 U.S.C. § 77q(a)(3) (the “SEC Order”). In the SEC Order, the SEC made findings that, from April 24, 2020 to May 21, 2020, USCF and USO violated Section 17(a)(3) of 1933 Act, which provides that it is “unlawful for any person in the offer or sale of any securities to engage in any transaction, practice, or course of business which operates or would operate as a fraud or deceit upon the purchaser.” USCF and USO consented to entry of the SEC Order without admitting or denying the findings contained therein, except as to jurisdiction. Separately, on November 8, 2021, acting pursuant to an offer of settlement submitted by USCF, the CFTC issued an order instituting cease-and-desist proceedings, making findings, and imposing a cease-and-desist order pursuant to Section 6(c) and (d) of the CEA, directing USCF to cease and desist from committing or causing any violations of Section 4o(1)(B) of the CEA, 7 U.S.C. § 6o(1) (B), and CFTC Regulation 4.41(a)(2), 17 C.F.R. § 4.41(a)(2) (the “CFTC Order”). In the CFTC Order, the CFTC made findings that, from on or about April 22, 2020 to June 12, 2020, USCF violated Section 4o(1)(B) of the CEA and CFTC Regulation 4.41(a)(2), which make it unlawful for any commodity pool operator (“CPO”) to engage in “any transaction, practice, or course of business which operates as a fraud or deceit upon any client or participant or prospective client or participant” and prohibit a CPO from advertising in a manner which “operates as a fraud or deceit upon any client or participant or prospective client or participant,” respectively. USCF consented to entry of the CFTC Order without admitting or denying the findings contained therein, except as to jurisdiction. Pursuant to the SEC Order and the CFTC Order, in addition to the command to cease and desist from committing or causing any violations of Section 17(a)(3) of the 1933 Act, Section 4o(1)(B) of the CEA, and CFTC Regulation 4.14(a)(2), civil monetary penalties totaling two million five hundred thousand dollars ($2,500,000) in the aggregate were required to be paid to the SEC and CFTC, of which one million two hundred fifty thousand dollars ($1,250,000) was paid by USCF to each of the SEC and the CFTC, respectively, pursuant to the offsets permitted under the orders. In re: United States Oil Fund, LP Securities Litigation On June 19, 2020, USCF, USO, John P. Love, and Stuart P. Crumbaugh were named as defendants in a putative class action filed by purported shareholder Robert Lucas (the “Lucas Class Action”). The Court thereafter consolidated the Lucas Class Action with two related putative class actions filed on July 31, 2020 and August 13, 2020, and appointed a lead plaintiff. The consolidated class action is pending in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York under the caption In re: United States Oil Fund, LP Securities Litigation , Civil Action No. 1:20-cv-04740. 55 Table of Contents On November 30, 2020, the lead plaintiff filed an amended complaint (the “Amended Lucas Class Complaint”). The Amended Lucas Class Complaint asserts claims under the 1933 Act, the Exchange Act, and Rule 10b-5. The Amended Lucas Class Complaint challenges statements in registration statements that became effective on February 25, 2020 and March 23, 2020 as well as subsequent public statements through April 2020 concerning certain extraordinary market conditions and the attendant risks that caused the demand for oil to fall precipitously, including the COVID-19 global pandemic and the Saudi Arabia-Russia oil price war. The Amended Lucas Class Complaint purports to have been brought by an investor in USO on behalf of a class of similarly-situated shareholders who purchased USO securities between February 25, 2020 and April 28, 2020 and pursuant to the challenged registration statements. The Amended Lucas Class Complaint seeks to certify a class and to award the class compensatory damages at an amount to be determined at trial as well as costs and attorney’s fees. The Amended Lucas Class Complaint named as defendants USCF, USO, John P. Love, Stuart P. Crumbaugh, Nicholas D. Gerber, Andrew F Ngim, Robert L. Nguyen, Peter M. Robinson, Gordon L. Ellis, and Malcolm R. Fobes III, as well as the marketing agent, ALPS Distributors, Inc., and the Authorized Participants: ABN Amro, BNP Paribas Securities Corporation, Citadel Securities LLC, Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., Credit Suisse Securities USA LLC, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Goldman Sachs & Company, J.P. Morgan Securities Inc., Merrill Lynch Professional Clearing Corporation, Morgan Stanley & Company Inc., Nomura Securities International Inc., RBC Capital Markets LLC, SG Americas Securities LLC, UBS Securities LLC, and Virtu Financial BD LLC. The lead plaintiff has filed a notice of voluntary dismissal of its claims against BNP Paribas Securities Corporation, Citadel Securities LLC, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Credit Suisse Securities USA LLC, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Morgan Stanley & Company, Inc., Nomura Securities International, Inc., RBC Capital Markets, LLC, SG Americas Securities LLC, and UBS Securities LLC. On September 29, 2025, the Court granted the defendants’ motion to dismiss the complaint without prejudice and granted plaintiff leave to file a motion to amend its complaint. On November 26, 2025, the plaintiff filed a motion for leave to file a proposed second consolidated amended complaint, which defendants have opposed. The motion remains pending before the Court. USCF, USO, and the individual defendants in In re: United States Oil Fund, LP Securities Litigation intend to vigorously contest such claims and have moved for their dismissal. Wang Class Action On July 10, 2020, purported shareholder Momo Wang filed a putative class action complaint, individually and on behalf of others similarly situated, against defendants USO, USCF, John P. Love, Stuart P. Crumbaugh, Nicholas D. Gerber, Andrew F Ngim, Robert L. Nguyen, Peter M. Robinson, Gordon L. Ellis, Malcolm R. Fobes, III, ABN Amro, BNP Paribas Securities Corp., Citadel Securities LLC, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Credit Suisse Securities USA LLC, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Goldman Sachs & Company, JP Morgan Securities Inc., Merrill Lynch Professional Clearing Corp., Morgan Stanley & Company Inc., Nomura Securities International Inc., RBC Capital Markets LLC, SG Americas Securities LLC, UBS Securities LLC, and Virtu Financial BD LLC, in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California as Civil Action No. 3:20-cv-4596 (the “Wang Class Action”). The Wang Class Action asserted federal securities claims under the 1933 Act, challenging disclosures in a March 19, 2020 registration statement. It alleged that the defendants failed to disclose to investors in USO certain extraordinary market conditions and the attendant risks that caused the demand for oil to fall precipitously, including the COVID-19 global pandemic and the Saudi Arabia-Russia oil price war. The Wang Class Action was voluntarily dismissed on August 4, 2020. Mehan Action On August 10, 2020, purported shareholder Darshan Mehan filed a derivative action on behalf of nominal defendant USO, against defendants USCF, John P. Love, Stuart P. Crumbaugh, Nicholas D. Gerber, Andrew F Ngim, Robert L. Nguyen, Peter M. Robinson, Gordon L. Ellis, and Malcolm R. Fobes, III (the “Mehan Action”). The Action is pending in the Superior Court of the State of California for the County of Alameda as Case No. RG20070732. The Mehan Action alleges that the defendants breached their fiduciary duties to USO and failed to act in good faith in connection with a March 19, 2020 registration statement and offering and disclosures regarding certain extraordinary market conditions that caused demand for oil to fall precipitously, including the COVID-19 global pandemic and the Saudi Arabia-Russia oil price war. The complaint seeks, on behalf of USO, compensatory damages, restitution, equitable relief, attorney’s fees, and costs. All proceedings in the Mehan Action are stayed pending disposition of the motion(s) to dismiss in In re: United States Oil Fund, LP Securities Litigation. 56 Table of Contents USCF, USO, and the other defendants intend to vigorously contest such claims. In re United States Oil Fund, LP Derivative Litigation On August 27, 2020, purported shareholders Michael Cantrell and AML Pharm. Inc. DBA Golden International filed two separate derivative actions on behalf of nominal defendant USO, against defendants USCF, John P. Love, Stuart P. Crumbaugh, Andrew F Ngim, Gordon L. Ellis, Malcolm R. Fobes, III, Nicholas D. Gerber, Robert L. Nguyen, and Peter M. Robinson in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York at Civil Action No. 1:20-cv-06974 (the “Cantrell Action”) and Civil Action No. 1:20-cv-06981 (the “AML Action”), respectively. The complaints in the Cantrell and AML Actions are nearly identical. They each allege violations of Sections 10(b), 20(a), and 21D of the Exchange Act, Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and common law claims of breach of fiduciary duties, unjust enrichment, abuse of control, gross mismanagement, and waste of corporate assets. These allegations stem from USO’s disclosures and defendants’ alleged actions in light of the extraordinary market conditions in 2020 that caused demand for oil to fall precipitously, including the COVID-19 global pandemic and the Saudi Arabia-Russia oil price war. The complaints seek, on behalf of USO, compensatory damages, restitution, equitable relief, attorney’s fees, and costs. The plaintiffs in the Cantrell and AML Actions have marked their actions as related to the Lucas Class Action. The Court consolidated the Cantrell and AML Actions under the caption In re United States Oil Fund, LP Derivative Litigation , Civil Action No. 1:20-cv-06974 and appointed co-lead counsel. All proceedings in In re United States Oil Fund, LP Derivative Litigation are stayed pending final disposition of the motion(s) to dismiss in In re: United States Oil Fund, LP Securities Litigation . USCF, USO, and the other defendants intend to vigorously contest the claims in In re United States Oil Fund, LP Derivative Litigation . Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable. ​ 57 Table of Contents Part II Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. Price Range of Shares USO’s shares have traded on the NYSE Arca under the symbol “USO” since November 25, 2008. Prior to trading on the NYSE Arca, USO’s shares traded on the American Stock Exchange (the “AMEX”) under the symbol “USO” since its initial public offering on April 10, 2006 until November 24, 2008. As of December 31, 2025, USO had approximately 169,200 holders of shares. Dividends USO has not made and does not currently intend to make cash distributions to its shareholders. Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities USO does not purchase shares directly from its shareholders. In connection with its redemption of baskets held by Authorized Participants, USO redeemed 150 baskets (comprising 15,000,000 shares) and 928 baskets (comprising 92,800,000 shares) for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2025, respectively. Monthly redemptions for the last three months are detailed below. ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Total Number of ​ Average Price Per Period ​ ​ ​ Shares Redeemed ​ ​ ​ Share 10/1/25 to 10/31/25 ​ 5,300,000 ​ $ 71.03 11/1/25 to 11/30/25 ​ 3,000,000 ​ ​ 71.24 12/1/25 to 12/31/25 ​ 6,700,000 ​ ​ 69.03 Total ​ 15,000,000 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Item 6. [Reserved]. ​ Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto of USO included elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K. Forward-Looking Information This annual report on Form 10-K, including this “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” contains “forward-looking statements” which generally relate to future events or future performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “expect,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “predict,” “potential” or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. All statements (other than statements of historical fact) included in this annual report on Form 10-K that address activities, events or developments that will or may occur in the future, including such matters as changes in inflation in the United States, movements in the stock market, movements in U.S. and foreign currencies, and market volatility in the commodities markets and futures markets and indexes that track such movements, the Russia-Ukraine war and conflicts in the Middle East, USO’s operations, USCF’s plans and references to USO’s future success and other similar matters, are forward-looking statements. These statements are only predictions. Actual events or results may differ materially. These statements are based upon certain assumptions and analyses USCF has made based on its perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments, as well as other factors appropriate in the circumstances. Whether or not actual results and developments will conform to USCF’s expectations and predictions, however, is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including the special considerations discussed in this annual report on Form 10-K, general economic, market and business conditions, changes in laws or regulations, including those concerning taxes, made by governmental authorities or regulatory bodies, and other world economic and political developments. Consequently, all the forward-looking statements made in this annual report on Form 10-K are qualified by these cautionary statements, and there can be no assurance that the actual results or developments USCF anticipates will be realized or, even if substantially realized, that they will result in the expected consequences to, or have the expected effects on, USO’s operations or the value of its shares. 58 Table of Contents USO has based the forward-looking statements included in this annual report on Form 10-K on information available to it on the date of this annual report on Form 10-K, and USO assumes no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. Although USO undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, investors are advised to consult any additional disclosures that USO may make directly to them or through reports that USO files in the future with the SEC, including annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. Introduction USO, a Delaware limited partnership, is a commodity pool that issues shares that may be purchased and sold on the NYSE Arca. The investment objective of USO is for the daily changes in percentage terms of its shares’ per share NAV to reflect the daily changes in percentage terms of the spot price of light, sweet crude oil delivered to Cushing, Oklahoma, as measured by the daily changes in the price of the futures contract for light, sweet crude oil traded on the NYMEX that is the near month contract to expire and changes, over a five-day period, into the NYMEX futures contract that is the next month to expire (the “Benchmark Oil Futures Contract”), plus interest earned on USO’s collateral holdings, less USO’s expenses. The change from the near month contract to the next month contract occurs at the beginning of each month and will be approximately proportional, relative to total net assets, over each day of the five-day roll period. “Near month contract” means the next contract traded on the NYMEX due to expire. “Next month contract” means the first contract traded on the NYMEX due to expire after the near month contract. USO seeks to achieve its investment objective by investing so that the average daily percentage change in USO’s NAV for any period of 30 successive valuation days will be within plus/minus ten percent (10%) of the average daily percentage change in the price of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract over the same period. As a result, investors should be aware that USO would meet its investment objective even if there are significant deviations between changes in its daily NAV and changes in the daily price of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract provided that the average daily percentage change in USO’s NAV over 30 successive valuation days is within plus/minus ten percent (10%) of the average daily percentage change in the price of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract over the same period. USO invests primarily in futures contracts for light, sweet crude oil, other types of crude oil, heating oil, gasoline, natural gas and other petroleum-based fuels that are traded on the NYMEX, ICE Futures or other U.S. and foreign exchanges (collectively, “Oil Futures Contracts”) and to a lesser extent, in order to comply with regulatory requirements, risk mitigation measures (including those that may be taken by USO, USO’s FCMs, counterparties or other market participants), liquidity requirements, or in view of market conditions, other oil - related investments such as cash-settled options on Oil Futures Contracts, forward contracts for oil, cleared swap contracts and OTC swaps that are based on the price of oil, other petroleum-based fuels, Oil Futures Contracts and indices based on the foregoing (collectively, “Other Oil-Related Investments”). For convenience and unless otherwise specified, Oil Futures Contracts and Other Oil-Related Investments collectively are referred to as “Oil Interests” in this annual report on Form 10-K. USO’s investment objective is not for its NAV or market price of shares to equal, in dollar terms, the spot price of light, sweet crude oil or any particular futures contract based on light, sweet crude oil, nor is USO’s investment objective for the percentage change in its NAV to reflect the percentage change of the price of any particular futures contract as measured over a time period greater than one day. The general partner of USO, United States Commodity Funds, LLC (“USCF”), believes that it is not practical to manage the portfolio to achieve such an investment goal when investing in Oil Futures Contracts and Other Oil-Related Investments. In addition, USCF believes that market arbitrage opportunities will cause daily changes in USO’s share price on the NYSE Arca on a percentage basis to closely track daily changes in USO’s per share NAV. USCF further believes that the daily changes in the price of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract have historically closely tracked the daily changes in spot prices of light, sweet crude oil. USCF believes that the net effect of these relationships will be that the daily changes in the price of USO’s shares on the NYSE Arca on a percentage basis will closely track the daily changes in the spot price of a barrel of light, sweet crude oil on a percentage basis, plus interest earned on USO’s collateral holdings, less USO’s expenses. 59 Table of Contents The following chart shows, for the period ending December 31, 2025, the rolling 30-day average difference between USO’s NAV and the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract. This is measured by subtracting the return of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract from the return on USO’s NAV for each of the last thirty business days, and then averaging those thirty differences. The calculation is repeated daily. ​ ​ Following the significant market volatility that occurred in the Spring of 2020 and the market conditions, regulatory requirements and risk mitigation measures taken by USO and USO’s FCM that impacted USO as a result thereof, USO disclosed its parameters for making decisions regarding the permitted investments USO would hold, including the intended order of priority in selecting investments and the type of investments to be held in its portfolio. Beginning with the monthly roll in September 2023 and ending with the monthly roll in January 2024, USO transitioned its investment portfolio to primarily invest in the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract, consistent with USO’s investment strategy prior to the Spring of 2020. However, USO has had, and will continue to have, the ability to invest in Oil Futures Contracts beyond the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract and Other Oil-Related Investments, such as OTC swaps, and USO may make such investments if market conditions (including but not limited to those allowing USO to obtain greater liquidity (i.e., liquidity requirements) or to execute transactions with more favorable pricing), regulatory requirements (including, but not limited to, exchange accountability levels and position limits imposed by NYMEX as well as statutory or regulatory limits), risk mitigation measures (including those that may be taken by USO, USO’s FCMs, counterparties or other market participants), liquidity requirements, or other factors require USO to do so in order to meet its investment objective. USO may invest in Oil Futures Contracts beyond the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract, and/or Other Oil-Related Investments, as a result of, or in response to, any of the foregoing factors. In addition, USO may need to hold significant portions of its portfolio in cash beyond what it has historically held for reasons including (but not limited to) the need to address changes in market conditions, regulatory requirements or risk mitigation measures or the need to satisfy potential margin requirements. Investments in Oil Futures Contracts beyond the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract and Other Oil-Related Investments could result in wider deviations between the performance of USO’s investments and the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract than if USO’s investments primarily consisted of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract, and changes in USO’s share price may not be able to track changes in the price of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract within as narrow a percentage change difference for any period of 30 successive valuation days as it would if USO’s investments primarily consisted of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract. Although permitted to do so under its LP Agreement, USO has not leveraged, and does not intend to leverage, its assets through borrowings or otherwise, and USO makes its investments accordingly. Consistent with the foregoing, USO’s investments will take into 60 Table of Contents account the need for USO to maintain adequate liquidity to meet its margin and collateral requirements and to avoid, to the extent reasonably possible, USO becoming leveraged. If market conditions require it, these risk reduction procedures, including changes to USO’s investments, may occur on short notice. Regulatory Disclosure The regulation of commodity interest trading in the United States and other countries is an evolving area of the law. Below are certain key regulatory requirements that are, or may be, relevant to USO. The various statements made in this summary are subject to modification by legislative action and changes in the rules and regulations of the SEC, Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (“FINRA”), CFTC, NFA, the futures exchanges, clearing organizations and other regulatory bodies. Pending final resolution of all applicable regulatory requirements, some examples of how new rules and regulations could impact USO are discussed in “Item 1. Business” in this annual report on Form 10-K. Exchange Accountability Levels, Position Limits and Price Fluctuation Limits . Designated contract markets (“DCMs”), such as the NYMEX and ICE Futures, have established accountability levels and position limits on the maximum net long or net short futures contracts in commodity interests that any person or group of persons under common trading control (other than as a hedge, which an investment by USO is not) may hold, own or control. These levels and position limits apply to the futures contracts that USO invests in to meet its investment objective. In addition to accountability levels and position limits, the NYMEX and ICE Futures also set daily price fluctuation limits on futures contracts. The daily price fluctuation limit establishes the maximum amount that the price of a futures contract may vary either up or down from the previous day’s settlement price. Once the daily price fluctuation limit has been reached in a particular futures contract, no trades may be made at a price beyond that limit. The accountability levels for the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract and other Oil Futures Contracts traded on U.S.-based futures exchanges, such as the NYMEX, are not a fixed ceiling, but rather a threshold above which the NYMEX may exercise greater scrutiny and control over an investor’s positions. The current accountability level for investments for any one month in the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract is 10,000 contracts. In addition, the NYMEX imposes an accountability level for all months of 20,000 net futures contracts for light, sweet crude oil. In addition, the ICE Futures maintains the same accountability levels, position limits and monitoring authority for its futures contracts for light, sweet crude oil contract as the NYMEX. If USO and the Related Public Funds exceed these accountability levels for investments in the futures contracts for light, sweet crude oil, the NYMEX and ICE Futures will monitor such exposure and may ask for further information on USO’s and the Related Public Funds’ activities including the total size of all positions, investment and trading strategy, and the extent of liquidity resources of USO and the Related Public Funds. If deemed necessary by the NYMEX and/or ICE Futures, USO could be required to reduce its aggregate position in Crude Oil Futures CL contracts back to the 10,000 single month and/or 20,000 all month accountability level. As of December 31, 2025, USO held 13,180 NYMEX WTI Crude Oil Futures CL contracts and did not hold any ICE WTI Crude Oil Futures contracts. USO exceeded accountability levels of the NYMEX during the year ended December 31, 2025, including when it held a maximum of 16,767 Crude Oil Futures CL contracts on the NYMEX, exceeding the “any one” month limit. No action was taken by the NYMEX and USO did not have to reduce the number of positions held. Position limits differ from accountability levels in that they represent fixed limits on the maximum number of futures contracts that any person may hold and cannot allow such limits to be exceeded without express CFTC authority to do so. In addition to accountability levels and position limits that may apply at any time, the NYMEX and ICE Futures impose position limits on contracts held in the last few days of trading in the near month contract to expire. Investors should note that the foregoing accountability levels and position limits are subject to change, which in turn could change the amount and type of permitted investments in which USO invests. For the year ended December 31, 2025, USO did not exceed any position limits imposed by the NYMEX and ICE Futures. The foregoing accountability levels and position limits are subject to change. Due to evolving market conditions, remaining within relevant accountability levels and position limits, and, any additional or different risk mitigation measures taken by USO’s FCMs in the future with respect to USO acquiring additional Oil Futures contracts, USO has invested and intends to invest in other permitted investments, beyond the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract. Federal Position Limits Part 150 of the CFTC’s regulations (the “Position Limits Rule”) establishes federal position limits for 25 core referenced futures contracts (comprised of agricultural, energy and metals futures contracts), futures and options linked to the core referenced futures contracts, and swaps that are economically equivalent to the core referenced futures contracts that all market participants must comply with, with certain exemptions. The Benchmark Oil Futures Contract is subject to position limits under the Position Limits Rule, and 61 Table of Contents USO’s trading does not qualify for an exemption therefrom. Accordingly, the Position Limits Rule could inhibit USO’s ability to invest in the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract and thereby could negatively impact the ability of USO to meet its investment objective. Position limits may potentially cause a tracking error between the price of USO’s shares and the price of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract. This may in turn prevent investors from being able to effectively use USO as a way to hedge against crude oil related losses or as a way to indirectly invest in crude oil. USO has not limited the size of its offering and intends to utilize substantially all of its proceeds to purchase Oil Futures Contracts and Other Oil-Related Investments to the extent possible. If USO encounters accountability levels, position limits (including those set by the Position Limits Rule), or price fluctuation limits for Oil Futures Contracts on the NYMEX or ICE Futures, it may then, if permitted under applicable regulatory requirements, purchase Oil Futures Contracts on other exchanges that trade listed crude oil futures or enter into swaps or other permitted investments to meet its investment objective. In addition, if USO exceeds accountability levels on either the NYMEX or ICE Futures and is required by such exchanges to reduce its holdings, such reduction could potentially cause a tracking error between the price of USO’s shares and the price of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract. Margin for OTC Swaps Rules put in place by U.S. federal banking regulators, the CFTC and the SEC require the daily exchange of variation margin and initial margin for swaps between swap dealers, major swap participants, security-based swap dealers, and major security-based swap participants (“Swap Entities”) and swaps between Swap Entities and their counterparties that are “financial end-users” (such rules, the “Margin Rules”). The Margin Rules require Swap Entities to exchange variation margin with all of their counterparties who are financial end-users. The minimum variation margin amount is the daily mark-to-market change in the value of the swap, taking into account the amount of variation margin previously posted or collected. Swap Entities are required to exchange initial margin with their financial end-users who have “material swaps exposure” (i.e., an average daily aggregate notional of $8 billion or more in non-cleared swaps calculated in accordance with the Margin Rules). The Margin Rules specify the types of collateral that may be posted or collected as initial margin or variation margin (generally cash, certain government, government-sponsored enterprise securities, certain liquid debt, certain equity securities, certain eligible publicly traded debt, and gold) and sets forth haircuts for certain collateral asset classes. USO is not a Swap Entity under the Margin Rules, but it is a financial end-user. Accordingly, USO will be subject to the variation margin requirements of the Margin Rules for any swaps that it enters into. However, USO does not have material swaps exposure under the Margin Rules and, accordingly, USO will not be subject to the initial margin requirements of the Margin Rules. Mandatory Trading and Clearing of Swaps CFTC regulations require that certain swap transactions be executed on organized exchanges or “swap execution facilities” and cleared through regulated clearing organizations (“derivative clearing organizations” (“DCOs”)), if the CFTC mandates the central clearing of a particular class of swap and such swap is “made available to trade” on a swap execution facility. Currently, swap dealers, major swap participants, commodity pools, certain private funds and entities predominantly engaged in activities that are financial in nature are required to execute on a swap execution facility, and clear, certain interest rate swaps and index-based credit default swaps. As a result, if USO enters into an interest rate or index-based credit default swap that is subject to these requirements, such swap will be required to be executed on a swap execution facility and centrally cleared. Mandatory clearing and “made available to trade” determinations with respect to additional types of swaps may be issued in the future, and, when finalized, could require USO to electronically execute and centrally clear certain OTC instruments presently entered into and settled on a bi-lateral basis. If a swap is required to be cleared, initial and variation margin requirements are set by the relevant clearing organization, subject to certain regulatory requirements and guidelines. Additional margin may be required and held by USO’s FCMs. Other Requirements for Swaps In addition to the margin requirements described above, swaps that are not required to be cleared and executed on a SEF but that are executed bilaterally are also subject to various requirements pursuant to CFTC regulations, including, among other things, reporting and recordkeeping requirements and, depending on the status of the counterparties, trading documentation requirements and dispute resolution requirements. Derivatives Regulations in Non-U.S. Jurisdictions In addition to U.S. laws and regulations, USO may be subject to non-U.S. derivatives laws and regulations if it engages in futures and/or swap transactions with non-U.S. persons. For example, USO may be impacted by European laws and regulations to the extent that it 62 Table of Contents engages in futures transactions on European exchanges or derivatives transactions with European entities. Other jurisdictions impose requirements applicable to futures and derivatives that are similar to those imposed by the U.S., including position limits, margin, clearing and trade execution requirements. The CFTC is generally prohibited by statute from regulating trading on non-U.S. futures exchanges and markets. The CFTC, however, has adopted regulations relating to the marketing of non-U.S. futures contracts in the United States. These regulations permit certain contracts on non-U.S. exchanges to be offered and sold in the United States. Natural disasters, public health disruptions (such as the COVID-19 pandemic), and international armed conflicts could impact the price of commodities and/or the value, pricing and liquidity of USO’s investments or assets which, in turn, could cause the loss of your investment in USO. Natural or environmental disasters, such as earthquakes, fires, floods, hurricanes, tsunamis and other severe weather-related phenomena generally, and widespread disease, including public health disruptions, pandemics and epidemics (for example, the COVID-19 pandemic), can be highly disruptive to economies and markets. Such events can, directly or indirectly, negatively impact, and/or cause volatility in, the price of commodities such as crude oil and the value, pricing, and liquidity of the investments or other assets held by USO. Geopolitical conflict, including war and armed conflicts (such as the Russia-Ukraine war, conflicts in the Middle East, and the expansion of such conflicts in surrounding areas), sanctions, the introduction of or changes in tariffs or trade barriers, global or local recessions, and acts of terrorism, can also, directly or indirectly, negatively impact, and/or cause volatility in, the price of commodities such as crude oil and the value, pricing, and liquidity of the investments or other assets held by USO. A negative impact on, or volatility in, the price of crude oil or the value, pricing and liquidity of USO’s investments or other assets resulting from the occurrence of any of the aforementioned events, or similar events, could cause you to lose all, or substantially all, of your investment in USO. USO may be subject to interest rate risk, which may prevent USO from investing fully at prevailing rates until any current investments in Treasuries mature in order to avoid selling those investments at a loss. Interest rate risk is the risk that fixed income securities and other investments in USO’s portfolio will fluctuate in value because of a change in interest rates. Interest rate changes can be sudden and unpredictable, and USO may lose money because of movements in interest rates. When interest rates rise, the value of fixed income securities typically falls. In a rising interest rate environment, USO may not be able to fully invest at prevailing rates until any current investments in Treasuries mature in order to avoid selling those investments at a loss. Interest rate risk is generally lower for shorter term investments and higher for longer term investments. In addition, in rising interest rate environments, it is possible that the Treasuries held by USO will decline in value. When interest rates fall, USO may be required to reinvest the proceeds from the sale, redemption or early prepayment of a Treasury Bill or money market security at a lower interest rate. As inflation increases, the present value of USO’s assets may decline. Inflation is a general increase in the overall price level of goods and services in the economy. The United States Federal Reserve has a stated goal of maintaining a two percent increase in inflation over the long run, as measured by the annual change in the price index for personal consumption expenditures. Following the COVID-19 pandemic, the United States experienced inflation above the Federal Reserve’s stated two percent goal. Other world economies similarly experienced elevated inflation rates. The Federal Reserve increased interest rates and successfully reduced inflation so that it is close to the stated two percent goal. As a result, in 2024, the Federal Reserve began reducing interest rates. However, the rate of inflation in the United States is still above the stated two percent goal. Inflation has the effect of eroding the value of cash or bonds. In a high inflation environment, the value of USO’s cash and Treasury investments may decline. USO may potentially lose money by investing in government money market funds. USO invests in government money market funds. Although such government money market funds seek to preserve the value of an investment at $1.00 per share, there is no guarantee that they will be able to do so and USO may lose money by investing in a government money market fund. An investment in a government money market fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the “FDIC”) or any other government agency. The share price of a government money market fund can fall below the $1.00 share price. USO cannot rely on or expect a government money market fund’s adviser or its affiliates to enter into support agreements or take other actions to maintain the government money market fund’s $1.00 share price. The credit quality of a government money market fund’s holdings can change rapidly in certain markets, and the default of a single holding could have an adverse impact 63 Table of Contents on the government money market fund’s share price. Due to fluctuations in interest rates, the market value of securities held by a government money market fund may vary. A government money market fund’s share price can also be negatively affected during periods of high redemption pressures and/or illiquid markets. Price Movements Crude oil futures prices were volatile during the year ended December 31, 2025. The price of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract started the year at $71.72 per barrel. The high of the year was on January 15, 2025 when the price reached $78.84 per barrel. The low for the year was on December 16, 2025, which was $55.13 per barrel. The year ended with the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract at $57.42 per barrel, a decrease of approximately (19.94)% over the year. USO’s per share NAV began the year at $75.45 and ended the year at $69.10 on December 31, 2025, a decrease of approximately (8.42)% over the year. The Benchmark Oil Futures Contract prices listed above began with the February 2025 contracts and ended with the February 2026 contracts. The decrease of approximately (19.94)% on the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract listed above is a hypothetical return only and could not actually be achieved by an investor holding Oil Futures Contracts. An investment in Oil Futures Contracts would need to be rolled forward during the time period described in order to simulate such a result. Furthermore, the change in the nominal price of these differing Oil Futures Contracts, measured from the start of the year to the end of the year, does not represent the actual benchmark results that USO seeks to track, which are more fully described below in the section titled “Tracking USO’s Benchmark.” During the year ended December 31, 2025, the crude oil futures market experienced states of mild contango. On days when the market was in contango the price of the near month crude Oil Futures Contract was lower than the price of the next month crude Oil Futures Contract, or contracts further away from expiration. On days when the market was in backwardation, the price of the near month crude Oil Futures Contract was higher than the price of the next month crude Oil Futures Contract or contracts further away from expiration. For a discussion of the impact of backwardation and contango on total returns, see “Term Structure of Crude Oil Prices and the Impact on Total Returns” below. Valuation of Oil Futures Contracts and the Computation of the Per Share NAV The per share NAV of USO’s shares is calculated once each NYSE Arca trading day. The per share NAV for a particular trading day is released after 4:00 p.m. New York time. Trading during the core trading session on the NYSE Arca typically closes at 4:00 p.m. New York time. USO’s Administrator uses the settlement price determined by NYMEX at 2:30 p.m. Eastern time for the Oil Futures Contracts held on the NYMEX and the settlement price determined by ICE Futures at 2:30 p.m. Eastern time for the Oil Futures Contracts held on ICE Futures, but calculates or determines the value of all other USO investments, other futures contracts, as of the earlier of the close of the NYSE Arca or 4:00 p.m. New York time. Results of Operations and the Crude Oil Market Results of Operations. As of December 31, 2025, USO had 12,823,603 shares outstanding. On August 29, 2023, the SEC declared effective a registration statement filed by USO that registered an unlimited number of shares. As a result, USO has an unlimited number of shares that can be issued in the form of Creation Baskets. More shares may have been issued by USO than are outstanding due to the redemption of shares. On April 28, 2020, after the close of trading on the NYSE Arca, USO effected a 1-for-8 reverse share split and post-split shares of USO began trading on April 29, 2020. As a result of the reverse share split, every eight pre-split shares of USO were automatically exchanged for one post-split share. Immediately prior to the reverse split, there were 1,482,900,000 shares of USO issued and outstanding, representing a per share NAV of $2.04. Immediately after the effect of the reverse share split, the number of issued and outstanding shares of USO decreased to 185,362,500, not accounting for fractional shares, and the per share NAV increased to $16.35. In connection with the reverse share split, the CUSIP number for USO’s shares changed to 91232N207. USO’s ticker symbol, “USO,” remained the same. The accompanying unaudited financial statements have been adjusted to reflect the effect of the reverse share split on a retroactive basis. As of December 31, 2025, USO had the following Authorized Participants: ABN AMRO Clearing USA LLC, BNP Paribas Securities Corp., Citadel Securities LLC, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Goldman Sachs & Company, Jane Street Capital LLC, JP Morgan Securities LLC, Merrill Lynch Professional Clearing Corp., Morgan Stanley & Company Inc., RBC Capital Markets LLC, SG Americas Securities LLC, UBS Securities LLC and Virtu Americas LLC. 64 Table of Contents For the Year Ended December 31, 2025 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2024 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Year ended ​ ​ ​ Year ended ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ December 31, 2025 ​ December 31, 2024 ​ Per share net asset value, end of year ​ $ 69.10 ​ $ 75.45 ​ Average daily total net assets ​ $ 979,962,153 ​ $ 1,317,318,881 ​ Dividend and interest income earned on Treasuries, cash and/or cash equivalents ​ $ 38,440,265 ​ $ 62,865,288 ​ Annualized yield based on average daily total net assets ​ ​ 3.92 % 4.77 % Management fee ​ $ 4,409,002 ​ $ 5,922,838 ​ Total fees and other expenses excluding management fees ​ $ 4,047,093 ​ $ 4,875,233 ​ Total commissions accrued to brokers ​ $ 1,491,084 ​ $ 1,528,286 ​ Total commissions as annualized percentage of average total net assets ​ 0.15 % 0.12 % ​ Portfolio Expenses. USO’s expenses consist of investment management fees, brokerage fees and commissions, certain offering costs, licensing fees, registration fees, the fees and expenses of the independent directors of USCF and expenses relating to tax accounting and reporting requirements. The management fee that USO pays to USCF is calculated as a percentage of the total net assets of USO. The fee is accrued daily and paid monthly. The decrease in the per share NAV for the year ended December 31, 2025, compared to the year ended December 31, 2024, was due primarily to lower prices for WTI crude oil and the related decrease in the value of the Oil Futures Contracts in which USO held and traded. Average interest rates earned on short-term investments held by USO, including cash, cash equivalents and Treasuries, were lower during the year ended December 31, 2025, compared to the year ended December 31, 2024. As a result, the amount of income earned by USO as a percentage of average daily total net assets was lower during the year ended December 31, 2025, compared to the year ended December 31, 2024. To the degree that the aggregate yield is lower, the net expense ratio, inclusive of income, will be higher. The decrease in total fees and other expenses excluding management fees for the year ended December 31, 2025, compared to the year ended December 31, 2024 was due primarily to a decrease in tax reporting and professional fees. The decrease in total commissions accrued to brokers for the year ended December 31, 2025, compared to the year ended December 31, 2024, was due primarily to the number of Oil Futures Contracts being held and traded. Tracking USO’s Benchmark USCF seeks to manage USO’s portfolio such that changes in its average daily per share NAV, on a percentage basis, closely track the daily changes in the average price of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract, also on a percentage basis. Specifically, USCF seeks to manage the portfolio such that over any rolling period of 30-valuation days, the average daily change in USO’s per share NAV is within a range of 90% to 110% (0.9 to 1.1) of the average daily change in the price of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract. As an example, if the average daily movement of the price of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract for a particular 30-valuation day time period was 0.50% per day, USCF would attempt to manage the portfolio such that the average daily movement of the per share NAV during that same time period fell between 0.45% and 0.55% (i.e., between 0.9 and 1.1 of the benchmark’s results). USO’s portfolio management goals do not include trying to make the nominal price of USO’s per share NAV equal to the nominal price of the current Benchmark Oil Futures Contract or the spot price for light, sweet crude oil. USCF believes that it is not practical to manage the portfolio to achieve such an investment goal when investing in Oil Futures Contracts and Other Oil-Related Investments. For the 30-valuation days ended December 31, 2025, the average daily change in the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract was 0.115%, while the average daily change in the per share NAV of USO over the same time period was (0.104)%. The average daily difference was 0.011% (or 1.1 basis points, where 1 basis point equals 1/100 of 1%), meaning that over this time period USO’s NAV performed within the plus or minus 10% range established as its benchmark tracking goal. Since the commencement of the offering of USO’s shares to the public on April 10, 2006 to December 31, 2025, the average daily change in the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract was 0.001%, while the average daily change in the per share NAV of USO over the same time period was (0.010)%. The average daily difference was (0.011)% (or (1.1) basis points, where 1 basis point equals 1/100 of 1%), 65 Table of Contents meaning that over this time period USO’s NAV performed within the plus or minus 10% range established as its benchmark tracking goal. The following two charts demonstrate the correlation between the changes in USO’s NAV and the changes in the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract. The first chart below shows the daily movement of USO’s per share NAV versus the daily movement of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract for the 30 valuation day period ended December 31, 2025. The second chart below shows the monthly total returns of USO as compared to the monthly value of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract for the five years ended December 31, 2025. *PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS ​ ​ *PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS ​ ​ An alternative tracking measurement of the return performance of USO versus the return of its Benchmark Oil Futures Contract can be calculated by comparing the actual return of USO, measured by changes in its per share NAV, versus the expected changes in its per 66 Table of Contents share NAV under the assumption that USO’s returns had been exactly the same as the daily changes in its Benchmark Oil Futures Contract. For the year ended December 31, 2025, the actual total return of USO as measured by changes in its per share NAV was (8.42)%. This is based on an initial per share NAV of $75.45 as of December 31, 2024 and an ending per share NAV as of December 31, 2025 of $69.10. During this time period, USO made no distributions to its shareholders. However, if USO’s daily changes in its per share NAV had instead exactly tracked the changes in the daily total return of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract, USO would have had an estimated per share NAV of $67.49 as of December 31, 2025, for a total return over the relevant time period of (10.55)% The difference between the actual per share NAV total return of USO of (8.42)% and the expected total return based on the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract of (10.55)% was a difference over the time period of 2.13%, which is to say that USO’s actual total return outperformed its benchmark by that percentage. USO incurs expenses primarily composed of the management fee, brokerage commissions for the buying and selling of futures contracts, and other expenses. The impact of these expenses, offset by interest and dividend income, and net of positive or negative execution, and net the difference in returns between USO’s current holdings and the Benchmark Oil Futures contract tended to cause daily changes in the per share NAV of USO to track slightly lower than daily changes in the price of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract. By comparison, for the year ended December 31, 2024, the actual total return of USO as measured by changes in its per share NAV was 12.76%. This is based on an initial per share NAV of $66.91 as of December 31, 2023 and an ending per share NAV as of December 31, 2024 of $75.45. During this time period, USO made no distributions to its shareholders. However, if USO’s daily changes in its per share NAV had instead exactly tracked the changes in the daily total return of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract, USO would have had an estimated per share NAV of $71.25 as of December 31, 2024, for a total return over the relevant time period of 6.47%. The difference between the actual per share NAV total return of USO of 12.76% and the expected total return based on the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract of 6.47% was a difference over the time period of 6.29%, which is to say that USO’s actual total return outperformed its benchmark by that percentage. USO incurs expenses primarily composed of the management fee, brokerage commissions for the buying and selling of futures contracts, and other expenses. The impact of these expenses, offset by interest and dividend income, and net of positive or negative execution, and net the difference in returns between USO’s current holdings and the Benchmark Futures contract tended to cause daily changes in the per share NAV of USO to track slightly lower than daily changes in the price of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract. As a result of market conditions and the regulatory response that occurred in March 2020 and thereafter, large numbers of USO shares that were purchased during a short period of time, and regulatory accountability levels and position limits on oil futures contracts that were imposed on USO, and risk mitigation measures imposed by its FCMs, USO invested in Oil Futures Contracts in months other than the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract. Beginning with the monthly roll in September 2023 and ending with the monthly roll in January 2024, USO transitioned its investment portfolio to primarily invest in the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract, consistent with USO’s investment strategy prior to the Spring of 2020. However, USO has had, and will continue to have, the ability to invest in Oil Futures Contracts beyond the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract and Other Oil-Related Investments, such as OTC swaps, and USO may make such investments if market conditions (including but not limited to those allowing USO to obtain greater liquidity (i.e., liquidity requirements) or to execute transactions with more favorable pricing), regulatory requirements (including, but not limited to, exchange accountability levels and position limits imposed by NYMEX as well as statutory or regulatory limits), risk mitigation measures (including those that may be taken by USO, USO’s FCMs, counterparties or other market participants), liquidity requirements, or other factors require USO to do so in order to meet its investment objective. USO may invest in Oil Futures Contracts beyond the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract, and/or Other Oil-Related Investments, as a result of, or in response to, any of the foregoing factors. In addition, USO may need to hold significant portions of its portfolio in cash beyond what it has historically held for reasons including (but not limited to) the need to address the changes in market conditions, regulatory requirements or risk mitigation measures or the need to satisfy potential margin requirements. During the fourth quarter of 2025 the rolling 30 day average daily difference between the return of USO’s NAV and the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract was (0.01)% or (1.0) basis points). There are three factors that typically have impacted or are most likely to impact USO’s ability to accurately track Benchmark Oil Futures Contract in addition to the foregoing. First, USO may buy or sell its holdings in the then current Benchmark Oil Futures Contract at a price other than the settlement price of that contract on the day during which USO executes the trade. In that case, USO may pay a price that is higher or lower, than the closing settlement price of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract, which could cause the changes in the daily per share NAV of USO to either be 67 Table of Contents higher or lower relative to the daily changes in the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract. During the year ended December 31, 2025, USCF attempted to minimize the effect of these transactions by seeking to execute its purchase or sale of Oil Futures Contracts at, or as close as possible to, the end of the day settlement price. However, it may not always be possible for USO to obtain the settlement price and there is no assurance that failure to obtain the closing settlement price in the future will not adversely impact USO’s attempt to track the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract. Second, USO incurs expenses primarily composed of the management fee, brokerage commissions for the buying and selling of futures contracts, and other expenses. The impact of these expenses tends to cause daily changes in the per share NAV of USO to track slightly lower than daily changes in the price of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract. At the same time, USO earns dividend and interest income on its cash, cash equivalents and Treasuries. USO is not required to distribute any portion of its income to its shareholders and did not make any distributions to shareholders during the year ended December 31, 2025. Interest payments, and any other income, were retained within the portfolio and added to USO’s NAV. When this income exceeds the level of USO’s expenses for its management fee, brokerage commissions and other expenses (including ongoing registration fees, licensing fees and the fees and expenses of the independent directors of USCF), USO will realize a net yield that will tend to cause daily changes in the per share NAV of USO to track slightly higher than daily changes in the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract. If short-term interest rates rise above these levels, the level of deviation created by the yield would increase. Conversely, if short-term interest rates were to decline, the amount of error created by the yield would decrease. When short-term yields drop to a level lower than the combined expenses of the management fee and the brokerage commissions, then the tracking error becomes a negative number and would tend to cause the daily returns of the per share NAV to underperform the daily returns of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract. USCF anticipates that interest rates may continue to stagnate over the near future. It is anticipated that fees and expenses paid by USO may continue to be lower than interest earned by USO. As such, USCF anticipates that USO could possibly outperform its benchmark so long as interest earned is greater than the fees and expenses paid by USO. Third, USO may hold Other Oil-Related Investments in its portfolio that may fail to closely track the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract’s total return movements. In that case, the error in tracking the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract could result in daily changes in the per share NAV of USO that are either too high, or too low, relative to the daily changes in the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract. During the year ended December 31, 2025, USO held OTC swaps, which are considered Other Oil-Related Investments. If USO increases in size, and due to its obligations to comply with market conditions, regulatory limits, and risk mitigation measures imposed by its FCMs, USO may invest in additional Other Oil-Related Investments, such as OTC swaps, which may have the effect of increasing transaction related expenses and may result in increased tracking error. OTC swaps increase transaction-related expenses due to the fact that USO must pay to the swap counterparty certain fees that USO does not have to pay for transactions executed on an exchange. Term Structure of Crude Oil Futures Prices and the Impact on Total Returns. Several factors determine the total return from investing in futures contracts. One factor arises from “rolling” futures contracts that will expire at the end of the current month (the “near” or “front” month contract) forward each month prior to expiration. For a strategy that entails holding the near month contract, the price relationship between that futures contract and the next month futures contract will impact returns. For example, if the price of the near month futures contract is higher than the next futures month contract (a situation referred to as “backwardation”), then absent any other change, the price of a next month futures contract tends to rise in value as it becomes the near month futures contract and approaches expiration. Conversely, if the price of a near month futures contract is lower than the next month futures contract (a situation referred to as “contango”), then absent any other change, the price of a next month futures contract tends to decline in value as it becomes the near month futures contract and approaches expiration. As an example, assume that the price of crude oil for immediate delivery, is $50 per barrel, and the value of a position in the near month futures contract is also $50. Over time, the price of crude oil will fluctuate based on a number of market factors, including demand for oil relative to supply. The value of the near month futures contract will likewise fluctuate in reaction to a number of market factors. If an investor seeks to maintain a position in a near month futures contract and not take delivery of physical barrels of crude oil, the investor must sell the current near month futures contract as it approaches expiration and invest in the next month futures contract. In order to continue holding a position in the current near month futures contract, this “roll” forward of the futures contract must be executed every month. Contango and backwardation are natural market forces that have impacted the total return on an investment in USO’s shares during the past year relative to a hypothetical direct investment in crude oil. In the future, it is likely that the relationship between the market price of USO’s shares and changes in the spot prices of light, sweet crude oil will continue to be impacted by contango and backwardation. It is important to note that this comparison ignores the potential costs associated with physically owning and storing crude oil, which could be substantial. 68 Table of Contents If the futures market is in backwardation, e.g., when the price of the near month futures contract is higher than the price of the next month futures contract, the investor would buy a next month futures contract for a lower price than the current near month futures contract. Assuming the price of the next month futures contract was $49 per barrel, or 2% cheaper than the $50 near month futures contract, then, hypothetically, and assuming no other changes (e.g., to either prevailing crude oil prices or the price relationship between the spot price, the near month contract and the next month contract, and, ignoring the impact of commission costs and the income earned on cash and/or cash equivalents), the value of the $49 next month futures contract would rise to $50 as it approaches expiration. In this example, the value of an investment in the next month futures contract would tend to outperform the spot price of crude oil. As a result, it would be possible for the new near month futures contract to rise 12% while the spot price of crude oil may have risen a lower amount, e.g., only 10%. Similarly, the spot price of crude oil could have fallen 10% while the value of an investment in the futures contract might have fallen another amount, e.g., only 8%. Over time, if backwardation remained constant, this difference between the spot price and the futures contract price would continue to increase. If the futures market is in contango, an investor would be buying a next month futures contract for a higher price than the current near month futures contract. Again, assuming the near month futures contract is $50 per barrel, the price of the next month futures contract might be $51 per barrel, or 2% more expensive than the front month futures contract. Hypothetically, and assuming no other changes, the value of the $51 next month futures contract would fall to $50 as it approaches expiration. In this example, the value of an investment in the second month would tend to underperform the spot price of crude oil. As a result, it would be possible for the new near month futures contract to rise only 10% while the spot price of crude oil may have risen a higher amount, e.g., 12%. Similarly, the spot price of crude oil could have fallen 10% while the value of an investment in the second month futures contract might have fallen another amount, e.g., 12%. Over time, if contango remained constant, this difference between the spot price and the futures contract price would continue to increase. 69 Table of Contents The chart below compares the daily price of the near month crude oil futures contract to the price of the 13 th month crude oil futures contract (i.e., a contract one year forward) over the last 10 years. When the price of the near month futures contract is higher than the price of the 13 th month futures contract, the market would be described as being in backwardation. When the price of the near month futures contract is lower than the 13 th month futures contract, the market would be described as being in contango. Although the price of the near month futures contract and the price of the 13 th month futures contract tend to move together, it can be seen that at times the near month futures contract prices are higher than the 13 th month futures contract prices (backwardation) and, at other times, the near month futures contract prices are lower than the 13 th month futures contract prices (contango). * PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS 70 Table of Contents An alternative way to view the same data is to subtract the dollar price of the 13 th month crude oil futures contract from the dollar price of the near month crude oil futures contract, as shown in the chart below. When the difference is positive, the market is in backwardation. When the difference is negative, the market is in contango. The crude oil market spent time in both backwardation and contango during the last ten years. *PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS An investment in a portfolio that owned only the near month crude oil futures contract would likely produce a different result than an investment in a portfolio that owned an equal number of each of the near 12 months of crude oil futures contracts. Generally speaking, when the crude oil futures market is in backwardation, a portfolio of only the near month crude oil futures contract may tend to have a higher total return than a portfolio of 12 months of the crude oil futures contract. Conversely, if the crude oil futures market was in contango, the portfolio containing only 12 months of crude oil futures contracts may tend to outperform the portfolio holding only the near month crude oil futures contract. Historically, the crude oil futures markets have experienced periods of contango and backwardation, with backwardation being in place somewhat less often than contango since oil futures trading started in 1983. Following the global financial crisis in the fourth quarter of 2008, the crude oil market moved into contango and remained primarily in contango until 2013. In 2014, global crude oil inventories grew rapidly after the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (“OPEC”) voted to defend its market share against U.S. shale-oil producers, resulting in another period during which the crude oil market remained primarily in contango. This period of contango continued through December 31, 2017. Declining global crude oil inventories caused the market to flip into backwardation at the beginning of 2018 through late October 2018, at which point ongoing supply growth in the U.S., combined with increased OPEC 71 Table of Contents production, once again led market participants to fear another global glut of crude oil. The crude oil market was primarily in contango the first half of 2019 and in backwardation during the second half of 2019. Crude oil flipped back into contango in January 2020 and remained predominantly in contango throughout 2020. In March 2020, contango dramatically increased and reached historic levels during the economic crisis arising from the COVID-19 pandemic, related supply chain disruptions and ongoing disputes among oil producing countries. This level of contango was due to significant market volatility that occurred in crude oil markets as well as oil futures markets. Crude oil prices collapsed in the wake of the COVID-19 demand shock, which reduced global petroleum consumption, and the price war launched by Saudi Arabia at the beginning of March 2020 in response to Russia’s unwillingness to participate in extending previously agreed upon supply cuts. An estimated twenty million barrels a day of crude demand evaporated as a result of quarantines and massive drops in industrial and manufacturing activity. Eventually, the United States, OPEC, Russia, and other oil producers around the world agreed to a historic 9.7 million barrel per day cut to crude supply. The supply cut along with the partial reopening of economies during the third quarter of 2020 reduced some of the unprecedented volatility that oil markets experienced in the Spring of 2020. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2020, the crude oil futures market spent time in both a state of contango and backwardation as measured by the difference between the front month and the second month contract, whereas the crude oil futures market has primarily been in a state of backwardation since 2021 as measured by the difference between the front month and the second month contract. As a result of market and regulatory conditions, including significant market volatility, large numbers of USO shares purchased during a short period of time, applicable regulatory accountability levels and position limits on oil futures contracts and risk mitigation measures that were taken by USO and USO’s FCM in 2020, USO invested in Oil Futures Contracts with expiration dates for months later than that of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract. Holdings in later month contracts will typically cause USO to experience lesser effects from contango and backwardation than would be the case if USO’s holdings were primarily in oil futures contracts in the first month or second month. Beginning with the monthly roll in September 2023 and ending with the monthly roll in January 2024, USO transitioned its investment portfolio to primarily invest in the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract, consistent with USO’s investment strategy prior to the Spring of 2020. However, USO has had, and will continue to have, the ability to invest in Oil Futures Contracts beyond the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract and Other Oil-Related Investments, such as OTC swaps, and USO may make such investments if market conditions (including but not limited to those allowing USO to obtain greater liquidity (i.e., liquidity requirements) or to execute transactions with more favorable pricing), regulatory requirements (including, but not limited to, exchange accountability levels and position limits imposed by NYMEX as well as statutory or regulatory limits), risk mitigation measures (including those that may be taken by USO, USO’s FCMs, counterparties or other market participants), liquidity requirements, or other factors require USO to do so in order to meet its investment objective. USO may invest in Oil Futures Contracts beyond the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract, and/or Other Oil-Related Investments, as a result of, or in response to, any of the foregoing factors. In addition, USO may need to hold significant portions of its portfolio in cash beyond what it has historically held for reasons including (but not limited to) the need to address the changes in market conditions, regulatory requirements or risk mitigation measures or the need to satisfy potential margin requirements. Crude Oil Market . During the year ended December 31, 2025, the price of the front month WTI crude oil futures contract traded in a range between $55.27 to $80.04. Prices decreased (19.94)% from December 31, 2024 through December 31, 2025, finishing the year at $57.42. In 2025, growing supplies weighed on crude oil prices. Supply exceeded demand throughout the year and the gap between output and consumption widened significantly from 0.6 mbd excess supply at the end of 2024 to 2.8 mbd by the end of 2025. U.S. crude oil production averaged 13.5 mbd. U.S. production rose significantly over the last five years. OPEC crude production declined from late 2022 through the third quarter of 2024 as the cartel supported prices with overall quotas and voluntary output cuts by certain countries, particularly Saudi Arabia. OPEC output rose from approximately 27.5 mbd to 29.0 mbd during 2025, but remained below pre- and post-pandemic highs. The cartel announced plans to begin unwinding voluntary cuts and increasing quotas in 2024 and began to do so after delaying and adjusting these plans several times. While OPEC steadily increased output several times in 2025, it has also reaffirmed its commitment to maintaining oil market stability and retains the flexibility to change plans as market conditions warrant. Nevertheless, the long-expected and repeatedly delayed reduction of quotas and voluntary cuts is finally underway. While not a complete policy reversal, the “OPEC put” which kept a floor on prices over the last several years has likely moved lower. Russia and OPEC have still not returned to pre-pandemic production levels, while the U.S. has become the world’s largest crude oil producing nation and other oil producing nations have also increased their output. In the U.S., the Trump administration has aggressively called for increased domestic production, and its actions have and will continue to make more drilling possible. However, U.S. drillers have shown restraint in recent years, and production may not rise as much in the future as it has in the recent past. Technology, geology, and economics tend to be 72 Table of Contents larger determinants of U.S. production levels than political policy. Other Trump administration policies have introduced uncertainty into crude oil markets, including on-and-off tariffs and tariff threats. The overall impact of the administration’s actions could increase the risk of a global economic slowdown or recession, which would reduce demand for crude oil. Geopolitics continue to add complexity to the supply-demand equation. Tensions and flare ups supported prices and contributed to price volatility through 2025. As an example, in June of 2025, Israel and the United States attacked Iran’s nuclear facilities, raising speculation that Iran might attempt to close the Strait of Hormuz. As approximately 20% of global petroleum consumption transits the Strait daily, this could have had a significant effect on prices. As it stands, Iran did not close the Strait, and prices fell back to the mid-$65 range after briefly topping $75. Starting off 2026, the U.S.’s latest posturing against Iran and its actions in Venezuela, as well as ongoing conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East continue to raise uncertainty about future supply. Ongoing global tensions, with existing and potential conflicts in various regions, remain a flash point for risk to crude oil supply, which could raise prices. Conversely, any resolution of geopolitical conflicts could ease supply disruptions, sanctions, and price volatility, which could lower prices. Crude Oil Price Movements in Comparison to Other Energy Commodities and Investment Categories. USCF believes that investors frequently measure the degree to which prices or total returns of one investment or asset class move up or down in value in concert with another investment or asset class. Statistically, such a measure is usually done by measuring the correlation of the price movements of the two different investments or asset classes over some period of time. The correlation is scaled between 1 and -1, where 1 indicates that the two investment options move up or down in price or value together, known as “positive correlation,” and -1 indicates that they move in completely opposite directions, known as “negative correlation.” A correlation of 0 would mean that the movements of the two are neither positively nor negatively correlated, known as “non-correlation.” That is, the investment options sometimes move up and down together and other times move in opposite directions. For the ten-year time period between December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2025, the table below compares the monthly movements of crude oil prices versus the monthly movements of the prices of several other energy commodities, such as natural gas, diesel-heating oil, and unleaded gasoline, as well as several major non-commodity investment asset classes, such as large cap U.S. equities, U.S. government bonds and global equities. *PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS ​ Crude Oil - 10 Years ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Large Cap US ​ US Gov’t Bonds ​ Global Equities ​ Unleaded ​ Heating ​ Natural ​ Crude Correlation Matrix 10 Years ​ ​ ​ Equities (S&P 500) ​ ​ ​ (BEUSG4 Index) ​ ​ ​ (FTSE World Index) ​ ​ ​ Gasoline ​ ​ ​ Oil ​ ​ ​ Gas ​ ​ ​ Oil Large Cap US Equities (S&P 500) ​ 1.000 ​ 0.155 ​ 0.978 ​ 0.417 ​ 0.188 ​ 0.110 ​ 0.358 US Gov’t Bonds (BEUSG4 Index) ​ ​ ​ 1.000 ​ 0.174 ​ (0.173) ​ (0.381) ​ (0.123) ​ (0.253) Global Equities (FTSE World Index) ​ ​ ​ ​ 1.000 0.446 0.215 0.057 0.389 Unleaded Gasoline ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 1.000 0.619 0.006 0.747 Heating Oil ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 1.000 0.050 0.763 Natural Gas ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 1.000 0.003 Crude Oil ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 1.000 ​ Source: Bloomberg, NYMEX The table below covers a more recent, but much shorter, range of dates than the above table. *PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS ​ Crude Oil - 1 Year 73 Table of Contents ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Large Cap US ​ US Gov’t Bonds ​ Global Equities ​ Unleaded ​ Heating ​ Natural ​ Crude Correlation Matrix 1 Year ​ ​ ​ Equities (S&P 500) ​ ​ ​ (BEUSG4 Index) ​ ​ ​ (FTSE World Index) ​ ​ ​ Gasoline ​ ​ ​ Oil ​ ​ ​ Gas ​ ​ ​ Oil Large Cap US Equities (S&P 500) ​ 1.000 ​ 0.019 ​ 0.975 ​ (0.286) ​ 0.412 ​ (0.102) ​ 0.209 US Gov’t Bonds (BEUSG4 Index) ​ ​ 1.000 ​ 0.088 ​ (0.196) ​ (0.114) ​ 0.265 ​ (0.457) Global Equities (FTSE World Index) ​ ​ ​ ​ 1.000 (0.375) 0.295 (0.219) 0.053 Unleaded Gasoline ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 1.000 0.434 0.193 0.628 Heating Oil ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 1.000 0.201 0.733 Natural Gas ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 1.000 0.151 Crude Oil ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 1.000 ​ Source: Bloomberg, NYMEX Investors are cautioned that the historical price relationships between crude oil and various other energy commodities, as well as other investment asset classes, as measured by correlation may not be reliable predictors of future price movements and correlation results. The results pictured above would have been different if a different range of dates had been selected. USCF believes that crude oil has historically not demonstrated a strong correlation with equities or bonds over long periods of time. However, USCF also believes that in the future it is possible that crude oil could have long term correlation results that indicate prices of crude oil more closely track the movements of equities or bonds. In addition, USCF believes that, when measured over time periods shorter than ten years, there will always be some periods where the correlation of crude oil to equities and bonds will be either more strongly positively correlated or more strongly negatively correlated than the long term historical results suggest. The correlations between crude oil, natural gas, diesel-heating oil and gasoline are relevant because USCF endeavors to invest USO’s assets in Oil Futures Contracts and Other Oil-Related Investments so that daily changes in percentage terms in USO’s per share NAV correlate as closely as possible with daily changes in percentage terms in the price of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract. If certain other fuel-based commodity futures contracts do not closely correlate with the crude-oil futures contract, then their use could lead to greater tracking error. As noted above, USCF also believes that the changes in percentage terms in the price of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract will closely correlate with changes in percentage terms in the spot price of light, sweet crude oil. For the Year Ended December 31, 2024 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2023 The comparison of the fiscal years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 can be found in USO’s annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 located within Part II, Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, which is incorporated by reference herein. Critical Accounting Policies Preparation of the financial statements and related disclosures in compliance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires the application of appropriate accounting rules and guidance, as well as the use of estimates. USO’s application of these policies involves judgments and actual results may differ from the estimates used. USCF has evaluated the nature and types of estimates that it makes in preparing USO’s financial statements and related disclosures and has determined that the valuation of its investments, which are not traded on a United States or internationally recognized futures exchange (such as forward contracts and OTC swaps) involves a critical accounting policy. The values which are used by USO for its Oil Futures Contracts are provided by its commodity broker who uses market prices when available, while OTC swaps are valued based on the present value of estimated future cash flows that would be received from or paid to a third party in settlement of these derivative contracts prior to their delivery date and valued on a daily basis. In addition, USO estimates interest and dividend income on a daily basis using prevailing rates earned on its cash and cash equivalents. These estimates are adjusted to the actual amount received on a monthly basis and the difference, if any, is not considered material. Liquidity and Capital Resources USO has not made, and does not anticipate making, use of borrowings or other lines of credit to meet its obligations. USO has met, and it is anticipated that USO will continue to meet, its liquidity needs in the normal course of business from the proceeds of the sale of its 74 Table of Contents investments, or from the Treasuries, cash and/or cash equivalents that it intends to hold at all times. USO’s liquidity needs include: redeeming shares, providing margin deposits for its existing Oil Futures Contracts or the purchase of additional Oil Futures Contracts and posting collateral for its OTC swaps, if applicable, and payment of its expenses, summarized below under “Contractual Obligations.” USO currently generates cash primarily from: (i) the sale of baskets consisting of 100,000 shares (“Creation Baskets”) and (ii) income earned on Treasuries, cash and/or cash equivalents. USO has allocated substantially all of its net assets to trading in Oil Interests. USO invests in Oil Interests to the fullest extent possible without being leveraged or unable to satisfy its current or potential margin or collateral obligations with respect to its investments in Oil Futures Contracts and Other Oil-Related Investments. A significant portion of USO’s NAV is held in cash and cash equivalents that are used as margin and as collateral for its trading in Oil Interests. The balance of the assets is held in USO’s account at its custodian bank and in investments in money market funds and Treasuries at the FCMs. Income received from USO’s investments in money market funds and Treasuries is paid to USO. During the year ended December 31, 2025, USO’s expenses did not exceed the income USO earned and the cash earned from the sale of Creation Baskets and the redemption of Redemption Baskets. During the year ended December 31, 2025, USO did not use other assets to pay expenses. To the extent income exceed expenses, USO’s NAV will be positively impacted. Although permitted to do so under its LP Agreement, USO has not leveraged, and does not intend to leverage, its assets through borrowings or otherwise, and USO makes its investments accordingly. Consistent with the foregoing, USO’s investments will take into account the need for USO to maintain adequate liquidity to meet its margin and collateral requirements and to avoid, to the extent reasonably possible, USO becoming leveraged. If market conditions require it, these risk reduction procedures, including changes to USO’s investments, may occur on short notice. USO does not and will not borrow money or use debt to satisfy its margin or collateral obligations in respect of its investments, but it could become leveraged if USO were to hold insufficient assets that would allow it to meet not only the current, but also future, margin or collateral obligations required for such investments. Such a circumstance could occur if USO were to hold assets that have a value of less than zero. USCF endeavors to have the value of USO’s Treasuries, cash and cash equivalents, whether held by USO or posted as margin or other collateral, at all times approximate the aggregate market value of its obligations under its Oil Futures Contracts and Other Oil-Related Investments. USO’s investments in Oil Interests may be subject to periods of illiquidity because of market conditions, regulatory considerations and other reasons. For example, most commodity exchanges limit the fluctuations in futures contracts prices during a single day by regulations referred to as “daily limits.” During a single day, no trades may be executed at prices beyond the daily limit. Once the price of a futures contract has increased or decreased by an amount equal to the daily limit, positions in the contracts can neither be taken nor liquidated unless the traders are willing to effect trades at or within the specified daily limit. Such market conditions could prevent USO from promptly liquidating its positions in Futures Contracts. During the year ended December 31, 2025, USO did not purchase or liquidate any of its positions while daily limits were in effect; however, USO cannot predict whether such an event may occur in the future. Since the March 23, 2007, USO has been responsible for expenses relating to: (i) management fees, (ii) brokerage fees and commissions, (iii) licensing fees for the use of intellectual property, (iv) ongoing registration expenses in connection with offers and sales of its shares subsequent to the initial offering, (v) other expenses, including tax reporting costs, (vi) fees and expenses of the independent directors of USCF and (vii) other extraordinary expenses not in the ordinary course of business. USO may terminate at any time, regardless of whether USO has incurred losses, subject to the terms of the LP Agreement. In particular, unforeseen circumstances, including, but not limited to, (i) market conditions, regulatory requirements, risk mitigation measures (including those that may be taken by USO, USO’s FCMs, counterparties or other market participants) that would lead USO to determine that it could no longer foreseeably meet its investment objective or that USO’s aggregate net assets in relation to its operating expenses or its margin or collateral requirements make the continued operation of USO unreasonable or imprudent, or (ii) adjudication of incompetence, bankruptcy, dissolution, withdrawal, or removal of USCF as the general partner of USO could cause USO, to terminate unless a majority interest of the limited partners within 90 days of the event elects to continue the partnership and appoints a successor general partner, or the affirmative vote of a majority in interest of the limited partners subject to certain conditions. However, no level of losses will require USCF to terminate USO. USO’s termination would cause the liquidation and potential loss of an investor’s investment. Termination could also negatively affect the overall maturity and timing of an investor’s investment portfolio. 75 Table of Contents Market Risk Trading in Oil Futures Contracts and Other Oil-Related Investments, such as forwards, involves USO entering into contractual commitments to purchase or sell oil at a specified date in the future. The aggregate market value of the contracts will significantly exceed USO’s future cash requirements since USO intends to close out its open positions prior to settlement. As a result, USO is generally only subject to the risk of loss arising from the change in value of the contracts. USO considers the “fair value” of its derivative instruments to be the unrealized gain or loss on the contracts. The market risk associated with USO’s commitments to purchase oil is limited to the aggregate market value of the contracts held. However, should USO enter into a contractual commitment to sell oil, it would be required to make delivery of the oil at the contract price, repurchase the contract at prevailing prices or settle in cash. Since there are no limits on the future price of oil, the market risk to USO could be unlimited. USO’s exposure to market risk depends on a number of factors, including the markets for oil, the volatility of interest rates and foreign exchange rates, the liquidity of the Oil Futures Contracts and Other Oil-Related Investments markets and the relationships among the contracts held by USO. Drastic market occurrences could ultimately lead to the loss of all or substantially all of an investor’s capital. Credit Risk When USO enters into Oil Futures Contracts and Other Oil-Related Investments, it is exposed to the credit risk that the counterparty will not be able to meet its obligations. The counterparty for the Oil Futures Contracts traded on the NYMEX and on most other futures exchanges is the clearinghouse associated with the particular exchange. In general, in addition to margin required to be posted by the clearinghouse in connection with cleared trades, clearinghouses are backed by their members who may be required to share in the financial burden resulting from the nonperformance of one of their members and, therefore, this additional member support should significantly reduce credit risk. USO is not currently a member of any clearinghouse. Some foreign exchanges are not backed by their clearinghouse members but may be backed by a consortium of banks or other financial institutions. There can be no assurance that any counterparty, clearinghouse, or their members or their financial backers will satisfy their obligations to USO in such circumstances. USCF attempts to manage the credit risk of USO by following various trading limitations and policies. In particular, USO generally posts margin and/or holds liquid assets that are approximately equal to the market value of its obligations to counterparties under the Oil Futures Contracts and Other Oil-Related Investments it holds. USCF has implemented procedures that include, but are not limited to, executing and clearing trades only with creditworthy parties and/or requiring the posting of collateral or margin by such parties for the benefit of USO to limit its credit exposure. An FCM, when acting on behalf of USO in accepting orders to purchase or sell Oil Futures Contracts on United States exchanges, is required by CFTC regulations to separately account for and segregate as belonging to USO, all assets of USO relating to domestic Oil Futures Contracts trading. These FCMs are not allowed to commingle USO’s assets with their other assets. In addition, the CFTC requires FCMs to hold in a secure account USO’s assets related to foreign Oil Futures Contracts and, in some cases, to cleared swaps executed through the FCMs. Similarly, under its current OTC agreements, USO requires that collateral it posts or receives be posted with its custodian, and under agreements among the custodian, USO and its counterparties, such collateral is segregated. USO may purchase OTC swaps in the future periods, see “Item 3 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk” in this annual report on Form 10-K for a discussion of OTC swaps. As of December 31, 2025, USO held cash deposits and short - term investments in the amount of $892,556,521 with the custodian and FCMs. Some or all of these amounts held by a custodian or an FCM, as applicable, may be subject to loss should USO’s custodian or FCMs, as applicable, cease operations. Off Balance Sheet Financing As of December 31, 2025, USO had no loan guarantee, credit support or other off-balance sheet arrangements of any kind other than agreements entered into in the normal course of business, which may include indemnification provisions relating to certain risks that service providers undertake in performing services which are in the best interests of USO. While USO’s exposure under these indemnification provisions cannot be estimated, they are not expected to have a material impact on USO’s financial position. Redemption Basket Obligation In order to meet its investment objective and pay its contractual obligations described below, USO requires liquidity to redeem shares, which redemptions must be in blocks of 100,000 shares called “Redemption Baskets.” USO has to date satisfied this obligation by 76 Table of Contents paying from the cash or cash equivalents it holds or through the sale of its Treasuries in an amount proportionate to the number of shares being redeemed. Contractual Obligations USO’s primary contractual obligations are with USCF. In return for its services, USCF is entitled to a management fee calculated daily and paid monthly as a fixed percentage of USO’s NAV, currently 0.45% of NAV on its average daily total net assets. USCF agreed to pay the start-up costs associated with the formation of USO, primarily its legal, accounting and other costs in connection with USCF’s registration with the CFTC as a CPO and the registration and listing of USO and its shares with the SEC, FINRA and NYSE Arca (formerly, AMEX), respectively. However, since USO’s initial offering of shares, offering costs incurred in connection with registering and listing additional shares of USO have been directly borne on an ongoing basis by USO, and not by USCF. USCF pays the fees of the Marketing Agent as well as BNY Mellon’s fees for performing administrative, custodial, and transfer agency services. BNY Mellon’s fees for performing administrative services include those in connection with the preparation of USO’s financial statements and its SEC, NFA and CFTC reports. USCF and USO have also entered into a licensing agreement with the NYMEX pursuant to which USO and the Related Public Funds, other than BNO, USCI and CPER, pay a licensing fee to the NYMEX. USO also pays the fees and expenses associated with its tax accounting and reporting requirements. In addition to USCF’s management fee, USO pays its brokerage fees (including fees to FCMs), OTC dealer spreads, any licensing fees for the use of intellectual property, and, subsequent to the initial offering, registration and other fees paid to the SEC, FINRA, or other regulatory agencies in connection with the offer and sale of shares, as well as legal, printing, accounting and other expenses associated therewith, and extraordinary expenses. The latter are expenses not incurred in the ordinary course of USO’s business, including expenses relating to the indemnification of any person against liabilities and obligations to the extent permitted by law and under the LP Agreement, the bringing or defending of actions in law or in equity or otherwise conducting litigation and incurring legal expenses and the settlement of claims and litigation. Commission payments to FCMs are on a contract-by-contract, or round turn, basis. USO also pays a portion of the fees and expenses of the independent directors of USCF. See Note 3 to the Notes to Financial Statements in Item 8 of this annual report on Form 10-K. The parties cannot anticipate the amount of payments that will be required under these arrangements for future periods, as USO’s per share NAVs and trading levels to meet its investment objective will not be known until a future date. These agreements are effective for a specific term agreed upon by the parties with an option to renew, or, in some cases, are in effect for the duration of USO’s existence. Either party may terminate these agreements earlier for certain reasons described in the agreements. ​ As of December 31, 2025, USO’s portfolio held 13,180 Oil Futures Contracts traded on the NYMEX. As of December 31, 2025 USO did not hold any Oil Futures Contracts traded on the ICE Futures. For a list of USO’s current holdings, please see USO’s website at www.uscfinvestments.com. The end of day portfolio disclosed on USO’s website would reflect any investments in Futures Contracts beyond the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract, and/or Other Oil-Related Investments, including any made in light of market conditions, regulatory requirements, risk mitigation measures (including those that may be taken by USO, USO’s FCMs, counterparties or other market participants), liquidity requirements, or other factors. Independent of the USO website, USO may make available portfolio holdings information to Authorized Participants that reflects USO’s anticipated holdings. ​ Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. Commodity Price Risk USO is exposed to commodity price risk. In particular, USO is exposed to crude oil price risk through its holdings of Oil Futures Contracts together with any other derivatives in which it may invest, which are discussed below. As a result, fluctuations in the value of the Oil Futures Contracts that USO holds in its portfolio, as described in “Contractual Obligations” under “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” above, are expected to directly affect the value of USO’s shares. 77 Table of Contents OTC Contract Risk USO may purchase OTC contracts, such as forward contracts or swap or spot contracts. Unlike most exchange-traded futures contracts or exchange-traded options on such futures, each party to an OTC swap bears the credit risk that the other party may not be able to perform its obligations under its contract. USO may enter into certain transactions where an OTC component is exchanged for a corresponding futures contract (“Exchange for Related Position” or “EFRP” transactions). In the most common type of EFRP transaction entered into by USO, the OTC component is the purchase or sale of one or more baskets of USO shares. These EFRP transactions may expose USO to counterparty risk during the interim period between the execution of the OTC component and the exchange for a corresponding futures contract. Generally, the counterparty risk from the EFRP transaction will exist only on the day of execution. Swap transactions, like other financial transactions, involve a variety of significant risks. The specific risks presented by a particular swap transaction necessarily depend upon the terms and circumstances of the transaction. In general, however, all swap transactions involve some combination of market risk, credit risk, counterparty credit risk, funding risk, liquidity risk and operational risk. Highly customized swap transactions in particular may increase liquidity risk, which may result in a suspension of redemptions. Highly leveraged transactions may experience substantial gains or losses in value as a result of relatively small changes in the value or level of an underlying or related market factor. In evaluating the risks and contractual obligations associated with a particular swap transaction, it is important to consider that a swap transaction may be modified or terminated only by mutual consent of the original parties and subject to agreement on individually negotiated terms. Therefore, it may not be possible for USCF to modify, terminate or offset USO’s obligations or its exposure to the risks associated with a transaction prior to its scheduled termination date. To reduce the credit risk that arises in connection with such contracts, USO will generally enter into an agreement with each counterparty based on the Master Agreement published by ISDA that provides for the netting of its overall exposure to its counterparty and consistent with applicable regulatory requirements, the posting by each party to cover the mark-to-market exposure of a counterparty to the other counterparty is required. USCF assesses or reviews, as appropriate, the creditworthiness of each potential or existing counterparty to an OTC swap pursuant to guidelines approved by USCF’s board of directors (the “Board”). Furthermore, USCF on behalf of USO only enters into OTC swaps with counterparties who are, or are affiliates of, (a) banks regulated by a United States federal bank regulator, (b) broker-dealers regulated by the SEC, (c) insurance companies domiciled in the United States, or (d) producers, users or traders of energy, whether or not regulated by the CFTC. Any entity acting as a counterparty shall be regulated in either the United States or the United Kingdom unless otherwise approved by the Board after consultation with its legal counsel. Existing counterparties are also reviewed periodically by USCF. USO will also require that the counterparty be highly rated and/or provide collateral or other credit support. Even if collateral is used to reduce counterparty credit risk, sudden changes in the value of OTC transactions may leave a party open to financial risk due to a counterparty default since the collateral held may not cover a party’s exposure on the transaction in such situations. In general, valuing OTC derivatives is less certain than valuing actively traded financial instruments such as exchange-traded futures contracts and securities or cleared swaps because the price and terms on which such OTC derivatives are entered into or can be terminated are individually negotiated, and those prices and terms may not reflect the best price or terms available from other sources. In addition, while market makers and dealers generally quote indicative prices or terms for entering into or terminating OTC swaps, they typically are not contractually obligated to do so, particularly if they are not a party to the transaction. As a result, it may be difficult to obtain an independent value for an outstanding OTC derivatives transaction. During the reporting period of this annual report on Form 10-K, USO’s OTC derivatives activities comprised OTC swaps intended to reflect the return on USO’s investments in Oil Futures Contracts and EFRP transactions. USO anticipates that the use of Other Oil-Related Investments together with its investments in Oil Futures Contracts will produce price and total return results that closely track the investment goals of USO. However, there can be no assurance of this. OTC swaps may result in higher transaction-related expenses than the brokerage commissions paid in connection with the purchase of Oil Futures Contracts, which may impact USO’s ability to successfully track the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract. 78 Table of Contents Item 8. Controls and Procedures. Disclosure Controls and Procedures USO maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in USO’s periodic reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time period specified in the SEC’s rules and forms. The duly appointed officers of USCF, including its chief executive officer and chief financial officer, who perform functions equivalent to those of a principal executive officer and principal financial officer of USO if USO had any officers, have evaluated the effectiveness of USO’s disclosure controls and procedures and have concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures of USO have been effective as of the end of the period covered by this annual report on Form 10-K. Change in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There were no changes in USO’s internal control over financial reporting during USO’s last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, USO’s internal control over financial reporting. ​ 79 Table of Contents Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. United States Oil Fund, LP Index to Financial Statements ​ Documents ​ ​ ​ Page Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. ​ 81 ​ Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. (Cohen & Company, Ltd. PCAOB ID 925 ) ​ 82 ​ Statements of Financial Condition at December 31, 2025 and 2024. ​ 84 ​ Schedules of Investments at December 31, 2025 and 2024. ​ 85 ​ Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023. ​ 87 ​ Statements of Changes in Partners’ Capital for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023. ​ 88 ​ Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023. ​ 89 ​ Notes to Financial Statements for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023. ​ 90 ​ ​ ​ 80 Table of Contents Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. USCF assessed the effectiveness of USO’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025. In making this assessment, it used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on the assessment, USCF believes that, as of December 31, 2025, USO’s internal control over financial reporting is effective. ​ 81 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Partners of United States Oil Fund, LP Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting We have audited the accompanying statements of financial condition, including the schedules of investments, of United States Oil Fund, LP (the “Fund”) as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the related statements of operations, changes in partners’ capital, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2025, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). We also have audited the Fund’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (“COSO”). In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Fund as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the results of its operations, changes in partners’ capital, and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2025, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also, in our opinion, the Fund maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. Basis for Opinions The Fund’s management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting . Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Fund’s financial statements and an opinion on the Fund’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (“PCAOB”) and are required to be independent with respect to the Fund in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatements, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 82 Table of Contents Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Critical Audit Matters Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. We have served as the Fund’s auditor since 2023. /s/ COHEN & COMPANY, LTD. COHEN & COMPANY, LTD . Philadelphia, Pennsylvania February 27, 2026 ​ 83 Table of Contents United States Oil Fund, LP Statements of Financial Condition At December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ December 31, 2025 ​ ​ ​ December 31, 2024 Assets ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Cash and cash equivalents (at cost $ 651,873,522 and $ 727,450,000 , respectively) (Notes 2 and 5) ​ $ 651,873,522 ​ $ 727,450,000 Equity in trading accounts: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Cash and cash equivalents (at cost $ 241,747,983 and $ 280,259,886 , respectively) ​ ​ 241,747,983 ​ 280,259,886 Unrealized gain (loss) on open commodity futures contracts ​ ​ ( 7,910,690 ) ​ 28,431,020 Unrealized gain (loss) on open swap contracts ​ ​ 964,023 ​ ( 2,068 ) Due from Broker ​ ​ — ​ ​ 13,487,676 Receivable for shares sold ​ ​ — ​ ​ 45,270,292 Dividends receivable ​ ​ 1,794,515 ​ 2,777,123 Interest receivable ​ ​ 1,048,791 ​ ​ 1,366,692 Prepaid insurance ​ ​ 100,216 ​ ​ 42,308 ETF transaction fees receivable ​ ​ — ​ ​ 1,000 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Total Assets ​ $ 889,618,360 ​ $ 1,099,083,929 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Liabilities and Partners’ Capital ​ ​ ​ ​ Payable due to Broker ​ $ 1,065,473 ​ $ 7,872,455 General Partner management fees payable (Note 3) ​ ​ 363,997 ​ ​ 436,917 Professional fees payable ​ ​ 2,026,648 ​ ​ 2,011,267 Due to custody ​ ​ — ​ 318,003 Brokerage commissions payable ​ ​ — ​ ​ 119,336 Directors’ fees payable ​ ​ 28,436 ​ 33,106 License fees payable ​ ​ 57,394 ​ ​ 69,358 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Total Liabilities ​ ​ 3,541,948 ​ 10,860,442 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Commitments and Contingencies (Notes 3, 4 & 5) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Partners’ Capital ​ ​ ​ ​ General Partners ​ ​ — ​ — Limited Partners ​ ​ 886,076,412 ​ 1,088,223,487 Total Partners’ Capital ​ ​ 886,076,412 ​ ​ 1,088,223,487 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Total Liabilities and Partners’ Capital ​ $ 889,618,360 ​ $ 1,099,083,929 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Limited Partners’ shares outstanding ​ ​ 12,823,603 ​ ​ 14,423,603 Net asset value per share ​ $ 69.10 ​ $ 75.45 Market value per share ​ $ 69.16 ​ $ 75.55 ​ See accompanying notes to financial statements. ​ 84 Table of Contents United States Oil Fund, LP Schedule of Investments At December 31, 2025 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Fair ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Value/Unrealized ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Gain (Loss) on ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Open ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Number of ​ Commodity ​ % of Partners’ ​ ​ ​ ​ Notional Amount ​ ​ ​ Contracts ​ ​ ​ Contracts ​ ​ ​ Capital Open Commodity Futures Contracts - Long ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ United States Contracts ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ NYMEX WTI Crude Oil Futures CL February 2026 contracts, expiring January 2026 * ​ $ 764,706,290 13,180 ​ $ ( 7,910,690 ) ( 0.89 ) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Shares/Principal ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ % of Partners’ ​ ​ ​ ​ Amount ​ ​ ​ Market Value ​ ​ ​ Capital Cash Equivalents ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ United States Money Market Funds ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Dreyfus Institutional Preferred Government Money Market Fund - Institutional Shares, 3.71 % # 340,000,000 ​ $ 340,000,000 38.37 Morgan Stanley Institutional Liquidity Funds - Government Portfolio - Institutional Shares, 3.69 % # 260,000,000 ​ 260,000,000 29.34 Total United States Money Market Funds ​ ​ $ 600,000,000 67.71 ​ Open OTC Commodity Swap Contracts ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Unrealized ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Fair ​ ​ ​ Gain (Loss) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Value/Open ​ ​ ​ on Fund Receives ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Commodity ​ Upfront ​ Commodity from ​ Fund Pays ​ ​ ​ Payment ​ ​ ​ Notional Swap ​ Payments/(Premiums Swap Counterparty ​ ​ ​ Counterparty ​ ​ ​ Counterparty ​ ​ ​ Frequency ​ ​ ​ Expiration Date ​ ​ ​ Amount ​ ​ ​ Contracts ​ ​ ​ Received) ​ ​ ​ Contracts (a) MACQUARIE MQCP361E 07212025Index (b) 0.26 % Macquarie Bank Ltd. monthly 01/21/2026 ​ $ 67,552,633 ​ $ 67,552,151 — ​ $ ( 482 ) SOC GEN SGIXCWTI 12182025Index (b) 0.25 % Societe Generale monthly 06/18/2026 ​ $ 60,833,138 ​ $ 61,797,643 — ​ $ 964,505 Total Open OTC Commodity Swap Contracts ˄ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 128,385,771 ​ $ 129,349,794 — ​ $ 964,023 (a) Reflects the SocGen and Macquarie values at reset dates of December 19 and December 31, 2025, respectively. (b) Custom index comprised of a basket of underlying instruments. * Collateral amounted to $ 237,047,494 on open commodity futures contracts. Ù Collateral amounted to $ 4,700,489 on open OTC commodity swap contracts. # Reflects the 7-day yield at December 31, 2025 . ​ See accompanying notes to financial statements. ​ 85 Table of Contents United States Oil Fund, LP Schedule of Investments At December 31, 2024 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Fair ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Value/ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Unrealized Gain ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ (Loss) on Open ​ ​ ​ ​ Notional ​ Number of ​ Commodity ​ % of Partners’ ​ ​ Amount ​ Contracts ​ Contracts ​ Capital Open Commodity Futures Contracts - Long ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ United States Contracts ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ NYMEX WTI Crude Oil Futures CL February 2025 contracts, expiring January 2025 * ​ $ 766,513,460 11,084 ​ $ 28,431,020 2.61 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Shares/Principal ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ % of Partners’ ​ ​ Amount ​ Market Value ​ Capital Cash Equivalents ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ United States Money Market Funds ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Morgan Stanley Institutional Liquidity Funds - Government Portfolio - Institutional Shares, 4.43 % # ​ ​ 727,450,000 ​ $ 727,450,000 66.85 Total United States Money Market Funds ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 727,450,000 66.85 ​ Open OTC Commodity Swap Contracts ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Unrealized ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Fair ​ ​ ​ ​ Gain (Loss) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Value/Open ​ ​ ​ ​ on Fund Receives ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Commodity ​ Upfront ​ Commodity from ​ Fund Pays ​ ​ ​ Payment ​ Expiration ​ Notional ​ Swap ​ Payments/(Premiums ​ Swap Counterparty ​ ​ ​ Counterparty ​ ​ ​ Counterparty ​ ​ ​ Frequency ​ ​ ​ Date ​ ​ ​ Amount ​ ​ ​ Contracts ​ ​ ​ Received) ​ ​ ​ Contracts (a) SOC GEN SGIXCWTI 12202024Index (b) ​ 0.25 % Societe Generale ​ monthly ​ 06/20/2025 ​ ​ 123,976,793 ​ ​ 123,975,932 ​ ​ — ​ ​ ( 861 ) MACQUARIE MQCP361E 07192024Index (b) ​ 0.26 % Macquarie Bank Ltd. ​ monthly ​ 01/21/2025 ​ ​ 169,418,314 ​ ​ 169,417,107 ​ ​ — ​ ​ ( 1,207 ) Total Open OTC Commodity Swap Contracts ˄ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 293,395,107 ​ ​ 293,393,039 ​ ​ — ​ ​ ( 2,068 ) (a) Reflects the value at reset date of December 31, 2024. (b) Custom index comprised of a basket of underlying instruments. * Collateral amounted to $ 263,049,397 on open commodity futures contracts. Ù Collateral amounted to $ 17,210,489 on open OTC commodity swap contracts. # Reflects the 7-day yield at December 31, 2024 . ​ See accompanying notes to financial statements. ​ 86 Table of Contents United States Oil Fund, LP Statements of Operations For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Year ended ​ ​ ​ Year ended ​ ​ ​ Year ended ​ ​ December 31, 2025 ​ December 31, 2024 ​ December 31, 2023 Income ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Gain (loss) on trading of commodity futures and swap contracts: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Realized gain (loss) on closed commodity futures contracts ​ $ ( 41,170,050 ) ​ $ 121,123,950 ​ $ ( 63,502,154 ) Realized gain (loss) on swap contracts ​ ​ ( 18,416,818 ) ​ ​ 22,162,096 ​ ​ ( 24,349,916 ) Change in unrealized gain (loss) on open commodity futures contracts ​ ( 36,341,710 ) ​ 25,379,090 ​ ( 19,134,006 ) Change in unrealized gain (loss) on open OTC commodity swap contracts ​ ​ 966,091 ​ ​ ( 162 ) ​ ​ 2,239 Dividend income ​ 22,588,422 ​ 22,216,952 ​ 18,703,141 Interest income ​ 15,851,843 ​ 40,648,336 ​ 53,007,019 ETF transaction fees ​ ​ 320,800 ​ ​ 386,000 ​ ​ 374,000 Total Income (Loss) ​ $ ( 56,201,422 ) ​ $ 231,916,262 ​ $ ( 34,899,677 ) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Expenses ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ General Partner management fees (Note 3) ​ $ 4,409,002 ​ $ 5,922,838 ​ $ 7,138,269 Professional fees ​ 2,071,000 ​ 2,723,054 ​ 2,184,411 Brokerage commissions ​ 1,491,084 ​ 1,528,286 ​ 860,102 Directors’ fees and insurance ​ 338,042 ​ 426,465 ​ 723,121 License fees ​ 146,967 ​ 197,428 ​ 237,942 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Total Expenses ​ $ 8,456,095 ​ $ 10,798,071 ​ $ 11,143,845 Net Income (Loss) ​ $ ( 64,657,517 ) ​ $ 221,118,191 ​ $ ( 46,043,522 ) Net Income (Loss) per limited partner share ​ $ ( 6.35 ) ​ $ 8.54 ​ $ ( 3.14 ) Net Income (Loss) per weighted average limited partner share ​ $ ( 4.81 ) ​ $ 12.47 ​ $ ( 2.01 ) Weighted average limited partner shares outstanding ​ 13,439,493 ​ 17,729,341 ​ 22,963,603 ​ See accompanying notes to financial statements. ​ 87 Table of Contents United States Oil Fund, LP Statements of Changes in Partners’ Capital For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Limited Partners * ​ ​ Year ended ​ Year ended ​ Year ended ​ ​ December 31, ​ December 31, ​ December 31, ​ ​ 2025 ​ ​ ​ 2024 ​ ​ ​ 2023 Balances at beginning of year ​ $ 1,088,223,487 ​ $ 1,567,345,541 ​ $ 1,977,015,338 Addition of 91,200,000 , 109,400,000 and 90,500,000 partnership shares, respectively ​ ​ 6,658,884,503 ​ 8,093,919,564 ​ 6,352,472,014 Redemption of ( 92,800,000 ), ( 118,400,000 ) and ( 95,300,000 ) partnership shares, respectively ​ ​ ( 6,796,374,061 ) ​ ( 8,794,159,809 ) ​ ( 6,716,098,289 ) Net income (loss) ​ ​ ( 64,657,517 ) ​ 221,118,191 ​ ( 46,043,522 ) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Balances at end of year ​ $ 886,076,412 ​ $ 1,088,223,487 ​ $ 1,567,345,541 * General Partners’ shares outstanding and capital for the periods presented were zero. See accompanying notes to financial statements. ​ ​ 88 Table of Contents United States Oil Fund, LP Statements of Cash Flows For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Year ended ​ ​ ​ Year ended ​ ​ ​ Year ended ​ ​ December 31, 2025 ​ December 31, 2024 ​ December 31, 2023 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Net income (loss) ​ $ ( 64,657,517 ) ​ $ 221,118,191 ​ $ ( 46,043,522 ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Change in unrealized (gain) loss on open commodity futures contracts ​ 36,341,710 ​ ( 25,379,090 ) ​ 19,134,006 Change in unrealized (gain) loss on open swap contracts ​ ​ ( 966,091 ) ​ ​ 162 ​ ​ ( 2,239 ) (Increase) decrease in dividends receivable ​ 982,608 ​ ( 1,316,693 ) ​ 2,452,991 (Increase) decrease in interest receivable ​ 317,901 ​ 3,279,589 ​ ( 1,818,766 ) (Increase) decrease in prepaid insurance ​ ( 57,908 ) ​ 29,872 ​ 69,464 (Increase) decrease in ETF transaction fees receivable ​ ​ 1,000 ​ ​ 1,000 ​ ​ ( 2,000 ) (Increase) decrease in receivable due from Broker ​ ​ 13,487,676 ​ ​ ( 13,487,676 ) ​ ​ — Increase (decrease) payable due to custody ​ ( 318,003 ) ​ 318,003 ​ ( 1,012,851 ) Increase (decrease) in payable due to Broker ​ ​ ( 6,806,982 ) ​ ​ ( 9,056,391 ) ​ ​ 15,540,859 Increase (decrease) in General Partner management fees payable ​ ( 72,920 ) ​ ( 137,232 ) ​ ( 274,652 ) Increase (decrease) in professional fees payable ​ 15,381 ​ 381,437 ​ ( 812,220 ) Increase (decrease) in brokerage commissions payable ​ ( 119,336 ) ​ — ​ 11,874 Increase (decrease) in directors’ fees payable ​ ​ ( 4,670 ) ​ ​ 113 ​ ​ ( 9,220 ) Increase (decrease) in license fees payable ​ ​ ( 11,964 ) ​ ​ ( 12,603 ) ​ ​ ( 22,209 ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ​ ( 21,869,115 ) ​ 175,738,682 ​ ( 12,788,485 ) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Cash Flows from Financing Activities: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Addition of partnership shares ​ 6,704,154,795 ​ 8,162,434,498 ​ 6,238,686,788 Redemption of partnership shares ​ ( 6,796,374,061 ) ​ ( 8,794,159,809 ) ​ ( 6,716,098,289 ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ​ ( 92,219,266 ) ​ ( 631,725,311 ) ​ ( 477,411,501 ) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents ​ ( 114,088,381 ) ​ ( 455,986,629 ) ​ ( 490,199,986 ) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Total Cash, Cash Equivalents and Equity in Trading Accounts, beginning of year ​ 1,007,709,886 ​ 1,463,696,515 ​ 1,953,896,501 Total Cash, Cash Equivalents and Equity in Trading Accounts, end of year ​ $ 893,621,505 ​ $ 1,007,709,886 ​ $ 1,463,696,515 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Components of Cash, Cash Equivalents and Equity in Trading Accounts: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Cash and cash equivalents ​ $ 651,873,522 ​ $ 727,450,000 ​ $ 952,408,574 Equity in Trading Accounts: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Cash and cash equivalents ​ 241,747,983 ​ 280,259,886 ​ 511,287,941 Total Cash, Cash Equivalents and Equity in Trading Accounts ​ $ 893,621,505 ​ $ 1,007,709,886 ​ $ 1,463,696,515 ​ See accompanying notes to financial statements. ​ 89 Table of Contents United States Oil Fund, LP Notes to Financial Statements For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 NOTE 1 — ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS The United States Oil Fund, LP (“USO”) was organized as a limited partnership under the laws of the state of Delaware on May 12, 2005. USO is a commodity pool that issues limited partnership interests (“shares”) that are traded on the NYSE Arca, Inc. (the “NYSE Arca”). Prior to November 25, 2008, USO’s shares traded on the American Stock Exchange (the “AMEX”). USO will continue in perpetuity, unless terminated sooner upon the occurrence of one or more events as described in its Seventh Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership dated as of December 15, 2017 (the “LP Agreement”), which grants full management control to its general partner, United States Commodity Funds LLC (“USCF”). The investment objective of USO is for the daily changes in percentage terms of its shares’ per share net asset value (“NAV”) to reflect the daily changes in percentage terms of the spot price of light, sweet crude oil delivered to Cushing, Oklahoma, as measured by the daily changes in the price of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract, plus interest earned on USO’s collateral holdings, less USO’s expenses. The Benchmark Oil Futures Contract is the futures contract for light, sweet crude oil as traded on the New York Mercantile Exchange (the “NYMEX”) that is the near month contract to expire and changes, over a five-day period, into the NYMEX futures contract that is the next month to expire. The change from the near month contract to the next month contract occurs at the beginning of each month and will be approximately proportional, relative to total net assets, over each day of the five-day roll period. USO seeks to achieve its investment objective by investing so that the average daily percentage change in USO’s NAV for any period of 30 successive valuation days will be within plus/minus ten percent (10)% of the average daily percentage change in the price of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract over the same period. As a result, investors should be aware that USO would meet its investment objective even if there are significant deviations between changes in its daily NAV and changes in the daily price of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract provided that the average daily percentage change in USO’s NAV over 30 successive valuation days is within plus/minus ten percent (10%) of the average daily percentage change in the price of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract over the same period. USO seeks to achieve its investment objective by investing primarily in futures contracts for light, sweet crude oil and other types of crude oil, diesel-heating oil, gasoline, natural gas and other petroleum-based fuels that are traded on the NYMEX, ICE Futures or other U.S. and foreign exchanges (collectively, “Oil Futures Contracts”) and to a lesser extent, in order to comply with regulatory requirements, risk mitigation measures (including those that may be taken by USO, USO’s futures commission merchants (“FCMs”), counterparties or other market participants), liquidity requirements, or in view of market conditions, other oil-related investments such as cash-settled options on Oil Futures Contracts, forward contracts for oil, cleared swap contracts and over-the-counter (“OTC”) transactions that are based on the price of crude oil, diesel-heating oil, gasoline, natural gas and other petroleum-based fuels, Oil Futures Contracts and indices based on the foregoing (collectively, “Other Oil-Related Investments”). As of December 31, 2025, USO held 13,180 Oil Futures Contracts for light, sweet crude oil traded on the NYMEX and did not hold any Oil Futures Contracts for light, sweet crude oil traded on the ICE Futures Europe. Following the significant market volatility that occurred in the Spring of 2020 and the market conditions, regulatory requirements and risk mitigation measures taken by USO and USO’s FCM that impacted USO as a result thereof, USO disclosed its parameters for making decisions regarding the permitted investments USO would hold, including the intended order of priority in selecting investments and the type of investments to be held in its portfolio. Beginning with the monthly roll in September 2023 and ending with the monthly roll in January 2024, USO transitioned its investment portfolio to primarily invest in the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract, consistent with USO’s investment strategy prior to the Spring of 2020. However, USO has had, and will continue to have, the ability to invest in Oil Futures Contracts beyond the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract and Other Oil-Related Investments, such as OTC swaps, and USO may make such investments if market conditions, (including but not limited to those allowing USO to obtain greater liquidity (i.e., liquidity requirements) or to execute transactions with more favorable pricing), regulatory requirements (including, but not limited to, exchange accountability levels and position limits imposed by NYMEX as well as statutory or regulatory limits), risk mitigation measures (including those that may be taken by USO, USO’s FCMs, counterparties or other market participants), or other factors require USO to do so in order to meet its investment objective. USO may invest in Oil Futures Contracts beyond the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract, and/or Other Oil-Related Investments, as a result of, or in response to, any of the foregoing factors. In addition, USO may need to hold significant portions of its portfolio in cash beyond what it has historically held for reasons including (but not limited to) the need to address changes in market conditions, regulatory requirements or risk mitigation measures or the need to satisfy potential margin requirements. 90 Table of Contents Investors should be aware that USO’s investment objective is not for its NAV or market price of shares to equal, in dollar terms, the spot price of light, sweet crude oil or any particular futures contract based on light, sweet crude oil, nor is USO’s investment objective for the percentage change in its NAV to reflect the percentage change of the price of any particular futures contract as measured over a time period greater than one day. This is because natural market forces called contango and backwardation have impacted, and may in the future impact, the total return on an investment in USO’s shares relative to a hypothetical direct investment in crude oil and, in the future, it is likely that the relationship between the market price of USO’s shares and changes in the spot prices of light, sweet crude oil will continue to be impacted by contango and backwardation. While USO’s shares may be impacted by contango and backwardation, the potential costs associated with physically owning and storing crude oil, could be substantial. USCF believes that it is not practical to manage the portfolio to achieve the foregoing investment objective when investing in Oil Futures Contracts (as defined below) and Other Oil-Related Investments (as defined below). USO commenced investment operations on April 10, 2006 and has a fiscal year ending on December 31. USCF is responsible for the management of USO. USCF is a member of the National Futures Association (the “NFA”) and became registered as a commodity pool operator (“CPO”) with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the “CFTC”) effective December 1, 2005 and a swaps firm on August 8, 2013. USCF is also the general partner of the United States Natural Gas Fund, LP (“UNG”), the United States 12 Month Oil Fund, LP (“USL”), the United States Gasoline Fund, LP (“UGA”), the United States 12 Month Natural Gas Fund, LP (“UNL”) and the United States Brent Oil Fund, LP (“BNO”). USCF is also the sponsor of the United States Commodity Index Funds Trust (“USCIFT”), a Delaware statutory trust and each of its series: the United States Commodity Index Fund (“USCI”) and the United States Copper Index Fund (“CPER”). UNG, UGA, UNL, USL, BNO, USCI and CPER are referred to collectively herein as the “Related Public Funds.” USO issues shares to certain authorized purchasers (“Authorized Participants”) by offering baskets consisting of 100,000 shares (“Creation Baskets”) through ALPS Distributors, Inc., as the marketing agent (the “Marketing Agent”). The purchase price for a Creation Basket is based upon the NAV of a share calculated shortly after the close of the core trading session on the NYSE Arca on the day the order to create the basket is properly received. Authorized Participants pay USO a transaction fee of $ 1,000 for each order they place to create one or more Creation Baskets or to redeem one or more baskets (“Redemption Baskets”), consisting of 100,000 shares. Effective January 1, 2026 the transaction fee amount paid by Authorized Participants to create or redeem one or more Creation Baskets or Redemption Baskets was be reduced from $ 1,000 per order to $ 350 per order. Shares may be purchased or sold on a nationally recognized securities exchange in smaller increments than a Creation Basket or Redemption Basket. Shares purchased or sold on a nationally recognized securities exchange are not purchased or sold at the per share NAV of USO but rather at market prices quoted on such exchange. In April 2006, USO initially registered 17,000,000 shares on Form S-1 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). On April 10, 2006, USO listed its shares on the AMEX under the ticker symbol “USO” and switched to trading on the NYSE Arca under the same ticker symbol on November 25, 2008. On that day, USO established its initial per share NAV by setting the price at $ 67.39 and issued 200,000 shares in exchange for $ 13,479,000 . USO also commenced investment operations on April 10, 2006, by purchasing Oil Futures Contracts traded on the NYMEX based on light, sweet crude oil. USO has an unlimited number of shares available for issuance. On August 29, 2023, the SEC declared effective a registration statement filed by USO that registered an unlimited number of shares. As a result, USO has an unlimited number of shares that can be issued in the form of Creation Baskets. ​ NOTE 2 — SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Basis of Presentation The financial statements have been prepared in conformity with U.S. GAAP as detailed in the Financial Accounting Standards Board’s (“FASB”) Accounting Standards Codification. USO is an investment company for accounting purposes and follows the accounting and reporting guidance in FASB Topic 946. Revenue Recognition Commodity futures contracts, swap and forward contracts, physical commodities and related options are recorded on the trade date. All such transactions are recorded on the identified cost basis and marked to market daily. Unrealized gains or losses on open contracts are 91 Table of Contents reflected in the statements of financial condition and represent the difference between the original contract amount and the market value (as determined by exchange settlement prices for futures contracts and related options and cash dealer prices at a predetermined time for swap and forward contracts, physical commodities, and their related options) as of the last business day of the year or as of the last date of the financial statements. Changes in the unrealized gains or losses between periods are reflected in the statements of operations. USO earns income on funds held at the custodian or FCMs at prevailing market rates earned on such investments. Income Taxes USO is not subject to federal income taxes; each partner reports his/her allocable share of income, gain, loss, deductions or credits on his/her own income tax return. In accordance with U.S. GAAP, USO is required to determine whether a tax position is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by the applicable taxing authority, including resolution of any tax related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position. USO files an income tax return in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and may file income tax returns in various U.S. states. USO is not subject to income tax return examinations by major taxing authorities for years before 2021. The tax benefit recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. De-recognition of a tax benefit previously recognized results in USO recording a tax liability that reduces net assets. However, USO’s conclusions regarding this policy may be subject to review and adjustment at a later date based on factors including, but not limited to, on-going analysis of and changes to tax laws, regulations and interpretations thereof. USO recognizes interest accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax fees payable, if assessed. No interest expense or penalties have been recognized as of and for the year ended December 31, 2025. Creations and Redemptions Authorized Participants may purchase Creation Baskets or redeem Redemption Baskets only in blocks of 100,000 shares at a price equal to the NAV of the shares calculated shortly after the close of the core trading session on the NYSE Arca on the day the order is placed. USO receives or pays the proceeds from shares sold or redeemed within two business days after the trade date of the purchase or redemption. The amounts due from Authorized Participants are reflected in USO’s statements of financial condition as receivable for shares sold and amounts payable to Authorized Participants upon redemption are reflected as payable for shares redeemed. Authorized Participants pay USO a $ 1,000 transaction fee for each order placed to create one or more Creation Baskets or to redeem one or more Redemption Baskets. Effective January 1, 2026 the transaction fee amount paid by Authorized Participants to create or redeem one or more Creation Baskets or Redemption Baskets was reduced from $ 1,000 per order to $ 350 per order. Partnership Capital and Allocation of Partnership Income and Losses Profit or loss shall be allocated among the partners of USO in proportion to the weighted-average number of shares each partner holds as of the close of each month. USCF may revise, alter or otherwise modify this method of allocation as described in the LP Agreement. Calculation of Per Share NAV USO’s per share NAV is calculated on each NYSE Arca trading day by taking the current market value of its total assets, subtracting any liabilities and dividing that amount by the total number of shares outstanding. USO uses the closing price for the contracts on the relevant exchange on that day to determine the value of contracts held on such exchange. Net Income (Loss) Per Share Net income (loss) per share is the difference between the per share NAV at the beginning of each period and at the end of each period. The weighted average number of shares outstanding was computed for purposes of disclosing net income (loss) per weighted average share. The weighted average shares are equal to the number of shares outstanding at the end of the period, adjusted proportionately for shares added and redeemed based on the amount of time the shares were outstanding during such period. There were no shares held by USCF at December 31, 2025. 92 Table of Contents Cash Equivalents Cash equivalents include money market funds and overnight deposits or time deposits with original maturity dates of three months or less. Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires USCF to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of the revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results may differ from those estimates and assumptions. ​ Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncement USO adopted FASB Accounting Standards Update 2023-07, Segment Reporting (Topic 280) - Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures (“ASU 2023-07”). USO operates in one segment. The segment derives its revenues from investments made in accordance with the defined investment strategy of USO, as prescribed in USO’s prospectus. The Chief Operating Decision Maker (“CODM”) is the Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) of the general partner, USCF. The CODM monitors the operating results of the Fund as part of making decisions for allocating resources and evaluating performance. ​ NOTE 3 — FEES PAID BY THE FUND AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS USCF Management Fee Under the LP Agreement, USCF is responsible for investing the assets of USO in accordance with the objectives and policies of USO. In addition, USCF has arranged for one or more third parties to provide administrative, custody, accounting, transfer agency and other necessary services to USO. For these services, USO is contractually obligated to pay USCF a fee, which is paid monthly, equal to 0.45 % per annum of average daily total net assets. Ongoing Registration Fees and Other Offering Expenses USO pays all costs and expenses associated with the ongoing registration of its shares subsequent to the initial offering. These costs include registration or other fees paid to regulatory agencies in connection with the offer and sale of shares, and all legal, accounting, printing and other expenses associated with such offer and sale. For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, USO did no t incur in registration fees and other offering expenses. Independent Directors’ and Officers’ Expenses USO is responsible for paying its portion of the directors’ and officers’ liability insurance for USO and the Related Public Funds and the fees and expenses of the independent directors who also serve as audit committee members of USO and the Related Public Funds. USO shares the fees and expenses on a pro rata basis with each Related Public Fund, as described above, based on the relative assets of each Related Public Fund computed on a daily basis. These fees and expenses for the year ending December 31, 2025 were a total of $ 338,042 for USO and, in the aggregate for USO and the Related Public Funds, $ 754,349 . For the year ended December 31, 2024 these fees and expenses were $ 426,465 for USO and, in the aggregate for USO and the Related Public Funds, $ 916,574 For the year ended December 31, 2023, these fees and expenses were $ 723,121 for USO and, in the aggregate for USO and Related Public Funds, $ 1,210,000 . Licensing Fees As discussed in Note 4 below, USO entered into a licensing agreement with the NYMEX on April 10, 2006, as amended on October 20, 2011. Pursuant to the agreement, USO and the Related Public Funds, other than BNO, USCI and CPER, pay a licensing fee that is equal to 0.015 % on all net assets. During the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, USO incurred $ 146,967 , $ 197,428 , and $ 237,942 , respectively under this arrangement. 93 Table of Contents Investor Tax Reporting Cost The fees and expenses associated with USO’s audit expenses and tax accounting and reporting requirements are paid by USO. These costs were $ 2,071,000 for the year ending December 31, 2025. For the years ending December 31, 2024 and 2023 USO’s investor reporting costs were $ 2,540,054 and $ 2,115,461 , respectively. Tax reporting costs fluctuate between years due to the number of shareholders during any given year. Other Expenses and Fees In addition to the fees described above, USO pays all brokerage fees and other expenses in connection with the operation of USO, excluding costs and expenses paid by USCF as outlined in Note 4 – Contracts and Agreements below. ​ NOTE 4 — CONTRACTS AND AGREEMENTS Marketing Agent Agreement USO is party to a marketing agent agreement, dated as of March 13, 2006, as amended from time to time, with the Marketing Agent and USCF, whereby the Marketing Agent provides certain marketing services for USO as outlined in the agreement. The agreement with the Marketing Agent was amended and, commencing October 1, 2022, the fee of the Marketing Agent, which is calculated daily and payable monthly by USCF, is equal to 0.025 % of USO’s total net assets. In no event may the aggregate compensation paid to the Marketing Agent and any affiliate of USCF for distribution-related services exceed 10 % of the gross proceeds of USO’s offering. The above fee does not include website construction and development, which are also borne by USCF. Custody, Transfer Agency and Fund Administration and Accounting Services Agreements USCF engaged The Bank of New York Mellon, a New York corporation authorized to conduct a banking business (“BNY Mellon”), to provide USO and each of the Related Public Funds with certain custodial, administrative and accounting, and transfer agency services, pursuant to the following agreements with BNY Mellon dated as of March 20, 2020 (together, the “BNY Mellon Agreements”), which were effective as of April 1, 2020: (i) a Custody Agreement; (ii) a Fund Administration and Accounting Agreement; and (iii) a Transfer Agency and Service Agreement. USCF pays the fees of BNY Mellon for its services under the BNY Mellon Agreements and such fees are determined by the parties from time to time. Brokerage and Futures Commission Merchant Agreements USO entered into a brokerage agreement with RBC Capital Markets LLC (“RBC”) to serve as USO’s FCM effective October 10, 2013. USO has engaged each of Marex North America, LLC, formerly RCG Division of Marex Spectron (“MNA”), Marex Capital Markets, Inc., formerly E D & F Man Capital Markets Inc. (“MCM”), Macquarie Futures USA LLC (“MFUSA”), and ADM Investor Services, Inc. (“ADMIS”) to serve as additional FCMs to USO effective on May 28, 2020, June 5, 2020, December 3, 2020, and August 8, 2023, respectively. The agreements with USO’s FCMs require the FCMs to provide services to USO in connection with the purchase and sale of Oil Futures Contracts and Other Oil-Related Investments that may be purchased and sold by or through the applicable FCM for USO’s account. In accordance with the FCM agreements, USO pays each FCM commissions of approximately $ 7 to $ 8 per round-turn trade, including applicable exchange, clearing and NFA fees for Oil Futures Contracts and options on Oil Futures Contracts. Such fees include those incurred when purchasing Oil Futures Contracts and options on Oil Futures Contracts when USO issues shares as a result of a Creation Basket, as well as fees incurred when selling Oil Futures Contracts and options on Oil Futures Contracts when USO redeems shares as a result of a Redemption Basket. Such fees are also incurred when Oil Futures Contracts and options on Oil Futures Contracts are purchased or redeemed for the purpose of rebalancing the portfolio. USO also incurs commissions to brokers for the purchase and sale of Oil Futures Contracts, Other Oil-Related Investments or short-term obligations of the United States of two years or less (“Treasuries”). ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Year ended ​ ​ ​ Year ended ​ ​ ​ Year ended ​ ​ ​ ​ December 31, 2025 ​ December 31, 2024 ​ December 31, 2023 Total commissions accrued to brokers ​ $ 1,491,084 ​ $ 1,528,286 ​ $ 860,102 ​ Total commissions as annualized percentage of average total net assets ​ 0.15 % 0.12 % 0.05 % ​ 94 Table of Contents The decrease in total commissions accrued to brokers for the year ended December 31, 2025, compared to the year ended December 31, 2024, was due primarily to the number of crude oil futures contracts being held and traded. Swap Dealer Agreements USO entered into ISDA 2002 Master Agreements with (1) Macquarie Bank Limited on November 30, 2021 (the “Macquarie ISDA”), (2) Société Générale on June 13, 2022 (the “Société Générale ISDA”), and (3) The Bank of Nova Scotia on August 5, 2024 (the “ScotiaBank ISDA”), pursuant to which each of Macquarie Bank Limited, Société Générale and The Bank of Nova Scotia has agreed to serve as an over-the-counter (“OTC”) swap counterparty for USO. The Macquarie ISDA, the Société Générale ISDA and the ScotiaBank ISDA (together, the “ISDA Agreements”), each provide USO with the ability to invest in OTC swaps in furtherance of USO’s investment objective by providing it with investment flexibility in light of market conditions, liquidity, regulatory requirements, and risk diversification. USO may enter into OTC swap transactions under each of the ISDA Agreements in light of the foregoing. Any OTC swap transactions of USO that are outstanding under any ISDA Agreement, along with USO’s other holdings, are posted on USO’s webpage, www.uscfinvestments.com. In accordance with each of the swap agreements described above, USO pays each swap dealer a flat fee in a range between 0.20 % and 0.30 % on the daily notional value of each OTC swap transaction. NYMEX Licensing Agreement USO and the NYMEX entered into a licensing agreement on April 10, 2006, as amended on October 20, 2011, whereby USO was granted a non-exclusive license to use certain of the NYMEX’s settlement prices and service marks. Under the licensing agreement, USO and the Related Public Funds, other than BNO, USCI, and CPER, pay the NYMEX an asset-based fee for the license, the terms of which are described in Note 3. USO expressly disclaims any association with the NYMEX or endorsement of USO by the NYMEX and acknowledges that “NYMEX” and “New York Mercantile Exchange” are registered trademarks of the NYMEX. ​ NOTE 5 — FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS, OFF-BALANCE SHEET RISKS AND CONTINGENCIES USO may engage in the trading of futures contracts, options on futures contracts, cleared swaps and OTC swaps (collectively, “derivatives”). USO is exposed to both market risk, which is the risk arising from changes in the market value of the contracts, and credit risk, which is the risk of failure by another party to perform according to the terms of a contract. USO may enter into futures contracts, options on futures contracts, cleared swaps, and OTC swaps to gain exposure to changes in the value of an underlying commodity. A futures contract obligates the seller to deliver (and the purchaser to accept) the future delivery of a specified quantity and type of a commodity at a specified time and place. Some futures contracts may call for physical delivery of the asset, while others are settled in cash. The contractual obligations of a buyer or seller may generally be satisfied by taking or making physical delivery of the underlying commodity or by making an offsetting sale or purchase of an identical futures contract on the same or linked exchange before the designated date of delivery. Cleared swaps are agreements that are eligible to be cleared by a clearinghouse, e.g., ICE Clear Europe, and provide the efficiencies and benefits that centralized clearing on an exchange offers to traders of futures contracts, including credit risk intermediation and the ability to offset positions initiated with different counterparties. OTC swaps are entered into between two parties in private contracts. In an OTC swap, each party bears credit risk to the other party, i.e., the risk that the other party may not be able to perform its obligations under the OTC swap. The purchase and sale of futures contracts, options on futures contracts and cleared swaps require margin deposits with an FCM. Additional deposits may be necessary for any loss on contract value. The Commodity Exchange Act requires FCMs to segregate all customer transactions and assets from the FCM’s proprietary transactions and assets. To reduce the credit risk that arises in connection with OTC swaps, USO will generally enter into an agreement with each counterparty based on the Master Agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., (“ISDA”) that provides for the netting of its overall exposure to its counterparty and, consistent with applicable regulatory requirements, the posting by each party to cover the mark-to-market exposure of a counterparty to the other counterparty is required. Futures contracts, options on futures contracts and cleared swaps involve, to varying degrees, elements of market risk (specifically commodity price risk) and exposure to loss in excess of the amount of variation margin. The face or contract amounts reflect the extent of the total exposure USO has in the particular classes of instruments. Additional risks associated with the use of futures contracts are an imperfect correlation between movements in the price of the futures contracts and the market value of the underlying securities and the possibility of an illiquid market for a futures contract. Buying and selling options on futures contracts exposes investors to the risks of purchasing or selling futures contracts. 95 Table of Contents As to OTC swaps, valuing OTC derivatives is less certain than valuing actively traded financial instruments such as exchange-traded futures contracts and securities or cleared swaps because, for OTC derivatives, the price and terms on which such OTC derivatives are entered into or can be terminated are individually negotiated, and those prices and terms may not reflect the best price or terms available from other sources. In addition, while market makers and dealers generally quote indicative prices or terms for entering into or terminating OTC contracts, they typically are not contractually obligated to do so, particularly if they are not a party to the transaction. As a result, it may be difficult to obtain an independent value for an outstanding OTC derivatives transaction. Market volatility is attributable to things like the COVID-19 pandemic and related supply chain disruptions, war (such as the Russia-Ukraine war), continuing disputes among oil-producing countries, the introduction of or changes in tariffs or trade barriers, and trade wars between nations. Events such as these, and others, could cause volatility in the future, which may affect the value, pricing and liquidity of some investments or other assets, including those held by or invested in by USO and the impact of which could limit USO’s ability to have a substantial portion of its assets invested in the Futures Contracts and/or Other Oil-Related Investments, such as OTC swaps. All of the futures contracts held by USO through December 31, 2025, were exchange-traded. The risks associated with exchange-traded contracts are generally perceived to be less than those associated with OTC swaps since, in OTC swaps, a party must rely solely on the credit of its respective individual counterparties. USO entered OTC swaps during the period ended December 31, 2025. These OTC swaps are subject to the credit risk associated with counterparty non-performance. The credit risk from counterparty non-performance associated with such instruments is the net unrealized gain, if any, on the transaction. USO also has credit risk to the sole counterparty to all domestic and foreign futures contracts, the clearinghouse for the exchange on which the relevant contracts are traded. In addition, USO bears the risk of financial failure by the clearing broker. USO’s cash and other property, such as Treasuries, deposited with its FCMs are considered commingled with all other customer funds, subject to such FCM’s segregation requirements. In the event of an FCM’s insolvency, recovery may be limited to a pro rata share of segregated funds available. It is possible that the recovered amount could be less than the total of cash and other property deposited. The insolvency of an FCM could result in the complete loss of USO’s assets posted with that FCM; however, the majority of USO’s assets are held in investments in Treasuries, cash and/or cash equivalents with USO’s custodian and would not be impacted by the insolvency of an FCM. The failure or insolvency of USO’s custodian, however, could result in a substantial loss of USO’s assets. USCF invests a portion of USO’s cash in money market funds that seek to maintain a stable per share NAV. USO is exposed to any risk of loss associated with an investment in such money market funds. As of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, USO held investments in money market funds in the amounts of $ 600,000,000 and $ 727,450,000 , respectively. USO also holds cash deposits with its custodian and FCMs. As of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, USO held cash deposits in the amounts of $ 293,621,505 and $ 280,259,886 respectively, with the custodian and FCMs. Some or all of these amounts may be subject to loss should USO’s custodian and/or FCMs cease operations. For derivatives, risks arise from changes in the market value of the contracts. Theoretically, USO is exposed to market risk equal to the value of futures contracts purchased and unlimited liability on such contracts sold short or that the value of the futures contract could fall below zero. As both a buyer and a seller of options, USO pays or receives a premium at the outset and then bears the risk of unfavorable changes in the price of the contract underlying the option. USO’s policy is to continuously monitor its exposure to market and counterparty risk through the use of a variety of financial, position and credit exposure reporting controls and procedures. In addition, USO has a policy of requiring review of the credit standing of each broker or counterparty with which it conducts business. The financial instruments held by USO are reported in its statements of financial condition at market or fair value, or at carrying amounts that approximate fair value, because of their highly liquid nature and short-term maturity. For the year ended December 31, 2025, the monthly average volume of open future and swap contract notional value was $ 770,659,676 and $ 212,113,224 , respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2024, the monthly average volume of open future and swap contract notional value was $ 1,012,496,028 and $ 293,572,184 , respectively. Settlement of SEC and CFTC Investigations On November 8, 2021, USCF and USO announced a resolution with each of the SEC and the CFTC relating to matters set forth in certain Wells Notices issued by the staffs of each of the SEC and CFTC as more fully described below. 96 Table of Contents On August 17, 2020, USCF, USO, and John Love received a “Wells Notice” from the staff of the SEC (the “SEC Wells Notice”). The SEC Wells Notice stated that the SEC staff made a preliminary determination to recommend that the SEC file an enforcement action against USCF, USO, and Mr. Love alleging violations of Sections 17(a)(1) and 17(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “1933 Act”), and Section 10(b) of the 1934 Act, and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. Subsequently, on August 19, 2020, USCF, USO, and Mr. Love received a Wells Notice from the staff of the CFTC (the “CFTC Wells Notice”). The CFTC Wells Notice stated that the CFTC staff made a preliminary determination to recommend that the CFTC file an enforcement action against USCF, USO, and Mr. Love alleging violations of Sections 4o(1)(A) and (B) and 6(c)(1) of the Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended (the “CEA”), 7 U.S.C. §§ 6o(1)(A) and (B) and 9(1) (2018), and CFTC Regulations 4.26, 4.41, and 180.1(a), 17 C.F.R. §§ 4.26, 4.41, 180.1(a) (2019). On November 8, 2021, acting pursuant to an offer of settlement submitted by USCF and USO, the SEC issued an order instituting cease-and-desist proceedings, making findings, and imposing a cease-and-desist order pursuant to Section 8A of the 1933 Act, directing USCF and USO to cease and desist from committing or causing any violations of Section 17(a)(3) of the 1933 Act, 15 U.S.C. § 77q(a)(3) (the “SEC Order”). In the SEC Order, the SEC made findings that, from April 24, 2020 to May 21, 2020, USCF and USO violated Section 17(a)(3) of 1933 Act, which provides that it is “unlawful for any person in the offer or sale of any securities to engage in any transaction, practice, or course of business which operates or would operate as a fraud or deceit upon the purchaser.” USCF and USO consented to entry of the SEC Order without admitting or denying the findings contained therein, except as to jurisdiction. Separately, on November 8, 2021, acting pursuant to an offer of settlement submitted by USCF, the CFTC issued an order instituting cease-and-desist proceedings, making findings, and imposing a cease-and-desist order pursuant to Section 6(c) and (d) of the CEA, directing USCF to cease and desist from committing or causing any violations of Section 4o(1)(B) of the CEA, 7 U.S.C. § 6o(1) (B), and CFTC Regulation 4.41(a)(2), 17 C.F.R. § 4.41(a)(2) (the “CFTC Order”). In the CFTC Order, the CFTC made findings that, from on or about April 22, 2020 to June 12, 2020, USCF violated Section 4o(1)(B) of the CEA and CFTC Regulation 4.41(a)(2), which make it unlawful for any commodity pool operator (“CPO”) to engage in “any transaction, practice, or course of business which operates as a fraud or deceit upon any client or participant or prospective client or participant” and prohibit a CPO from advertising in a manner which “operates as a fraud or deceit upon any client or participant or prospective client or participant,” respectively. USCF consented to entry of the CFTC Order without admitting or denying the findings contained therein, except as to jurisdiction. Pursuant to the SEC Order and the CFTC Order, in addition to the command to cease and desist from committing or causing any violations of Section 17(a)(3) of the 1933 Act, Section 4o(1)(B) of the CEA, and CFTC Regulation 4.14(a)(2), civil monetary penalties totaling two million five hundred thousand dollars ($ 2,500,000 ) in the aggregate were required to be paid to the SEC and CFTC, of which one million two hundred fifty thousand dollars ($ 1,250,000 ) was paid by USCF to each of the SEC and the CFTC, respectively, pursuant to the offsets permitted under the orders. In re: United States Oil Fund, LP Securities Litigation On June 19, 2020, USCF, USO, John P. Love, and Stuart P. Crumbaugh were named as defendants in a putative class action filed by purported shareholder Robert Lucas (the “Lucas Class Action”). The Court thereafter consolidated the Lucas Class Action with two related putative class actions filed on July 31, 2020 and August 13, 2020, and appointed a lead plaintiff. The consolidated class action is pending in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York under the caption In re: United States Oil Fund, LP Securities Litigation , Civil Action No. 1:20-cv-04740. On November 30, 2020, the lead plaintiff filed an amended complaint (the “Amended Lucas Class Complaint”). The Amended Lucas Class Complaint asserts claims under the 1933 Act, the Exchange Act, and Rule 10b-5. The Amended Lucas Class Complaint challenges statements in registration statements that became effective on February 25, 2020 and March 23, 2020 as well as subsequent public statements through April 2020 concerning certain extraordinary market conditions and the attendant risks that caused the demand for oil to fall precipitously, including the COVID-19 global pandemic and the Saudi Arabia-Russia oil price war. The Amended Lucas Class Complaint purports to have been brought by an investor in USO on behalf of a class of similarly-situated shareholders who purchased USO securities between February 25, 2020 and April 28, 2020 and pursuant to the challenged registration statements. The Amended Lucas Class Complaint seeks to certify a class and to award the class compensatory damages at an amount to be determined at trial as well as costs and attorney’s fees. The Amended Lucas Class Complaint named as defendants USCF, USO, John P. Love, Stuart P. Crumbaugh, Nicholas D. Gerber, Andrew F Ngim, Robert L. Nguyen, Peter M. Robinson, Gordon L. Ellis, and Malcolm R. Fobes III, as well as the marketing agent, ALPS Distributors, Inc., and the Authorized Participants: ABN Amro, BNP Paribas Securities Corporation, Citadel Securities LLC, Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., Credit Suisse Securities USA LLC, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Goldman Sachs & Company, J.P. Morgan Securities Inc., Merrill Lynch Professional Clearing Corporation, Morgan Stanley & Company 97 Table of Contents Inc., Nomura Securities International Inc., RBC Capital Markets LLC, SG Americas Securities LLC, UBS Securities LLC, and Virtu Financial BD LLC. The lead plaintiff filed a notice of voluntary dismissal of its claims against BNP Paribas Securities Corporation, Citadel Securities LLC, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Credit Suisse Securities USA LLC, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Morgan Stanley & Company, Inc., Nomura Securities International, Inc., RBC Capital Markets, LLC, SG Americas Securities LLC, and UBS Securities LLC. The remaining defendants in In re: United States Oil Fund, LP Securities Litigation filed a motion to dismiss the claims in January 2021. “On September 29, 2025, the Court granted the defendants’ motion to dismiss the complaint without prejudice and granted plaintiff leave to file a motion to amend its complaint. On November 26, 2025, the plaintiff filed a motion for leave to file a proposed second consolidated amended complaint, which defendants have opposed. The motion remains pending before the Court.” Wang Class Action On July 10, 2020, purported shareholder Momo Wang filed a putative class action complaint, individually and on behalf of others similarly situated, against defendants USO, USCF, John P. Love, Stuart P. Crumbaugh, Nicholas D. Gerber, Andrew F Ngim, Robert L. Nguyen, Peter M. Robinson, Gordon L. Ellis, Malcolm R. Fobes, III, ABN Amro, BNP Paribas Securities Corp., Citadel Securities LLC, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Credit Suisse Securities USA LLC, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Goldman Sachs & Company, JP Morgan Securities Inc., Merrill Lynch Professional Clearing Corp., Morgan Stanley & Company Inc., Nomura Securities International Inc., RBC Capital Markets LLC, SG Americas Securities LLC, UBS Securities LLC, and Virtu Financial BD LLC, in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California as Civil Action No. 3:20-cv-4596 (the “Wang Class Action”). The Wang Class Action asserted federal securities claims under the 1933 Act, challenging disclosures in a March 19, 2020 registration statement. It alleged that the defendants failed to disclose to investors in USO certain extraordinary market conditions and the attendant risks that caused the demand for oil to fall precipitously, including the COVID-19 global pandemic and the Saudi Arabia-Russia oil price war. The Wang Class Action was voluntarily dismissed on August 4, 2020. Mehan Action On August 10, 2020, purported shareholder Darshan Mehan filed a derivative action on behalf of nominal defendant USO, against defendants USCF, John P. Love, Stuart P. Crumbaugh, Nicholas D. Gerber, Andrew F Ngim, Robert L. Nguyen, Peter M. Robinson, Gordon L. Ellis, and Malcolm R. Fobes, III (the “Mehan Action”). The action is pending in the Superior Court of the State of California for the County of Alameda as Case No. RG20070732. The Mehan Action alleges that the defendants breached their fiduciary duties to USO and failed to act in good faith in connection with a March 19, 2020 registration statement and offering and disclosures regarding certain extraordinary market conditions that caused demand for oil to fall precipitously, including the COVID-19 global pandemic and the Saudi Arabia-Russia oil price war. The complaint seeks, on behalf of USO, compensatory damages, restitution, equitable relief, attorney’s fees, and costs. All proceedings in the Mehan Action are stayed pending disposition of the motion(s) to dismiss in In re: United States Oil Fund, LP Securities Litigation . USCF, USO, and the other defendants intend to vigorously contest such claims. In re United States Oil Fund, LP Derivative Litigation On August 27, 2020, purported shareholders Michael Cantrell and AML Pharm. Inc. DBA Golden International filed two separate derivative actions on behalf of nominal defendant USO, against defendants USCF, John P. Love, Stuart P. Crumbaugh, Andrew F Ngim, Gordon L. Ellis, Malcolm R. Fobes, III, Nicholas D. Gerber, Robert L. Nguyen, and Peter M. Robinson in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York at Civil Action No. 1:20-cv-06974 (the “Cantrell Action”) and Civil Action No. 1:20-cv-06981 (the “AML Action”), respectively. The complaints in the Cantrell and AML Actions are nearly identical. They each allege violations of Sections 10(b), 20(a), and 21D of the Exchange Act, Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and common law claims of breach of fiduciary duties, unjust enrichment, abuse of control, gross mismanagement, and waste of corporate assets. These allegations stem from USO’s disclosures and defendants’ alleged actions in light of the extraordinary market conditions in 2020 that caused demand for oil to fall precipitously, including the COVID-19 global pandemic and the Saudi Arabia-Russia oil price war. The complaints seek, on behalf of USO, compensatory damages, restitution, equitable relief, attorney’s fees, and costs. The plaintiffs in the Cantrell and AML Actions have marked their actions as related to the Lucas Class Action. 98 Table of Contents The Court consolidated the Cantrell and AML Actions under the caption In re United States Oil Fund, LP Derivative Litigation , Civil Action No. 1:20-cv-06974 and appointed co-lead counsel. All proceedings in In re United States Oil Fund, LP Derivative Litigation are stayed pending final disposition of the motion(s) to dismiss in In re: United States Oil Fund, LP Securities Litigation . USCF, USO, and the other defendants intend to vigorously contest the claims in In re United States Oil Fund, LP Derivative Litigation . Optimum Strategies Action On April 6, 2022, USO and USCF were named as defendants in an action filed by Optimum Strategies Fund I, LP, a purported investor in call option contracts on USO (the “Optimum Strategies Action”). The action was in the U.S. District Court for the District of Connecticut at Civil Action No. 3:22-cv-00511. The Optimum Strategies Action asserted claims under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “1934 Act”), Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and the Connecticut Uniform Securities Act (“CUSA”). It purported to challenge statements in registration statements that became effective in February 2020, March 2020, and on April 20, 2020, as well as public statements between February 2020 and May 2020, in connection with certain extraordinary market conditions and the attendant risks that caused the demand for oil to fall precipitously, including the COVID-19 global pandemic and the Saudi Arabia-Russia oil price war. The complaint was seeking damages, interest, costs, attorney’s fees, and equitable relief. On March 15, 2023, the court granted the USO defendants’ motion to dismiss the complaint. In its ruling, the court granted the USO defendants’ motion to dismiss, with prejudice, the plaintiff’s claims under Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and a claim for control person liability under Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act. Having dismissed all claims over which the court had original jurisdiction, the court declined to exercise supplemental jurisdiction over the plaintiff’s state law claim under CUSA and dismissed the claim without prejudice. No notice of appeal was filed. ​ ​ NOTE 6 — FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS The following table presents per share performance data and other supplemental financial data for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 for the shareholders. This information has been derived from information presented in the financial statements. ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Year ended ​ ​ ​ Year ended ​ ​ ​ Year ended ​ ​ December 31, 2025 ​ December 31, 2024 ​ December 31, 2023 Per Share Operating Performance: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Net asset value, beginning of year ​ $ 75.45 ​ $ 66.91 ​ $ 70.05 ​ Total income (loss) ​ ( 5.72 ) ​ 9.15 ​ ( 2.65 ) ​ Total expenses ​ ( 0.63 ) ​ ( 0.61 ) ​ ( 0.49 ) ​ Net increase (decrease) in net asset value ​ ( 6.35 ) ​ 8.54 ​ ( 3.14 ) ​ Net asset value, end of year ​ $ 69.10 ​ $ 75.45 ​ $ 66.91 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Total Return ​ ( 8.42 ) % 12.76 % ( 4.48 ) % ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Ratios to Average Net Assets ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Total income (loss) ​ ( 5.74 ) % 17.61 % ( 2.20 ) % Management fees ​ 0.45 % 0.45 % 0.45 % Total expenses excluding management fees ​ 0.41 % 0.37 % 0.25 % Net income (loss) ​ ( 6.60 ) % 16.79 % ( 2.90 ) % ​ Total returns are calculated based on the change in value during the period. An individual shareholder’s total return and ratio may vary from the above total returns and ratios based on the timing of contributions to and withdrawals from USO. Additionally, only Authorized Participants purchase and redeem shares from the Fund at the NAV per share. Most shareholders will purchase and sell shares in the secondary market at market prices, which may differ from the NAV per share and result in a higher or lower total return. ​ 99 Table of Contents NOTE 7 — QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (Unaudited) The following summarized (unaudited) quarterly financial information presents the results of operations and other data for the three-month periods ended March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31, 2025 and 2024. ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ First ​ ​ ​ Second ​ ​ ​ Third ​ ​ ​ Fourth ​ ​ Quarter ​ Quarter ​ Quarter ​ Quarter ​ ​ 2025 ​ 2025 ​ 2025 ​ 2025 Total Income (Loss) ​ $ 42,404,806 ​ $ ( 70,828,412 ) ​ $ 25,561,469 ​ $ ( 53,339,285 ) Total Expenses ​ 2,102,269 ​ 2,133,072 ​ ​ 2,097,499 ​ 2,123,255 Net Income (Loss) ​ $ 40,302,537 ​ $ ( 72,961,484 ) ​ $ 23,463,970 ​ $ ( 55,462,540 ) Net Income (Loss) per Share ​ $ 1.90 ​ $ ( 4.10 ) ​ $ 0.33 ​ $ ( 4.48 ) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ First ​ ​ ​ Second ​ ​ ​ Third ​ ​ ​ Fourth ​ ​ Quarter ​ Quarter ​ Quarter ​ Quarter ​ ​ 2024 ​ 2024 ​ 2024 ​ 2024 Total Income (Loss) ​ $ 243,169,142 ​ $ 22,646,159 ​ $ ( 132,775,208 ) ​ $ 98,876,169 Total Expenses ​ 2,873,971 ​ 2,717,867 ​ ​ 2,675,189 ​ 2,531,044 Net Income (Loss) ​ $ 240,295,171 ​ $ 19,928,292 ​ $ ( 135,450,397 ) ​ $ 96,345,125 Net Income (Loss) per Share ​ $ 12.02 ​ $ 0.70 ​ $ ( 9.77 ) ​ $ 5.59 ​ ​ NOTE 8 — FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS USO values its investments in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 820 – Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures (“ASC 820”). ASC 820 defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles, and expands disclosures about fair value measurement. ASC 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy that distinguishes between: (1) market participant assumptions developed based on market data obtained from sources independent of USO (observable inputs) and (2) USO’s own assumptions about market participant assumptions developed based on the best information available under the circumstances (unobservable inputs). The three levels defined by the ASC 820 hierarchy are as follows: Level I – Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the reporting entity has the ability to access at the measurement date. Level II – Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level I that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. Level II assets include the following: quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability, and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means (market-corroborated inputs). Level III – Unobservable pricing input at the measurement date for the asset or liability. Unobservable inputs shall be used to measure fair value to the extent that observable inputs are not available. In some instances, the inputs used to measure fair value might fall within different levels of the fair value hierarchy. The level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement in its entirety falls shall be determined based on the lowest input level that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. The following table summarizes the valuation of USO’s securities at December 31, 2025 using the fair value hierarchy: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ At December 31, 2025 ​ ​ ​ Total ​ ​ ​ Level I ​ ​ ​ Level II ​ ​ ​ Level III Short-Term Investments ​ $ 600,000,000 ​ $ 600,000,000 ​ $ — ​ $ — Exchange-Traded Futures Contracts ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ United States Contracts ​ ​ ( 7,910,690 ) ​ ​ ( 7,910,690 ) ​ ​ — ​ ​ — OTC Commodity Swap Contracts ​ 964,023 ​ — ​ 964,023 ​ — ​ 100 Table of Contents The following table summarizes the valuation of USO’s securities at December 31, 2024 using the fair value hierarchy: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ At December 31, 2024 ​ ​ ​ Total ​ ​ ​ Level I ​ ​ ​ Level II ​ ​ ​ Level III Short-Term Investments ​ $ 727,450,000 ​ $ 727,450,000 ​ $ — ​ $ — Exchange-Traded Futures Contracts ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ United States Contracts ​ ​ 28,431,020 ​ ​ 28,431,020 ​ ​ — ​ ​ — OTC Commodity Swap Contracts ​ ( 2,068 ) ​ — ​ ( 2,068 ) ​ — ​ Effective January 1, 2009, USO adopted the provisions of Accounting Standards Codification 815 — Derivatives and Hedging, which require presentation of qualitative disclosures about objectives and strategies for using derivatives, quantitative disclosures about fair value amounts and gains and losses on derivatives. ​ Fair Value of Derivative Instruments ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Statements of ​ ​ ​ Fair Value ​ ​ ​ Fair Value ​ ​ Financial ​ at December 31, ​ at December 31, Derivatives not Accounted for as Hedging Instruments ​ Condition Location ​ 2025 ​ 2024 Futures - Commodity Contracts Unrealized gain (loss) on open commodity future contracts ​ $ ( 7,910,690 ) ​ $ 28,431,020 Swap - Commodity Contracts Unrealized gain (loss) on open OTC commodity swap contracts ​ $ 964,023 ​ $ ( 2,068 ) ​ The volume of open OTC swap positions relative to the net assets of USO at the date of this report is generally representative of open positions throughout the reporting period. The Effect of Derivative Instruments on the Statements of Operations ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ For the year ended ​ For the year ended ​ For the year ended ​ ​ ​ ​ December 31, 2025 ​ December 31, 2024 ​ December 31, 2023 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Change in ​ ​ ​ ​ Change in ​ ​ ​ Change in ​ ​ Location of ​ Realized ​ Unrealized ​ Realized ​ Unrealized ​ Realized ​ Unrealized Derivatives not ​ Gain (Loss) ​ Gain (Loss) ​ Gain (Loss) on ​ Gain (Loss) ​ Gain (Loss) on ​ Gain (Loss) ​ Gain (Loss) on Accounted for ​ on Derivatives ​ on Derivatives ​ Derivatives ​ in Derivatives ​ Derivatives ​ in Derivatives ​ Derivatives as Hedging ​ Recognized in ​ Recognized in ​ Recognized in ​ Recognized in ​ Recognized in ​ Recognized in ​ Recognized in Instruments ​ ​ ​ Income ​ ​ ​ Income ​ ​ ​ Income ​ ​ ​ Income ​ ​ ​ Income ​ ​ ​ Income ​ ​ ​ Income Futures - Commodity Contracts Realized gain (loss) on closed commodity futures contracts ​ $ ( 41,170,050 ) ​ ​ ​ $ 121,123,950 ​ ​ ​ $ ( 63,502,154 ) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Change in unrealized gain (loss) on open commodity futures contracts ​ ​ ​ ​ $ ( 36,341,710 ) ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 25,379,090 ​ ​ ​ ​ $ ( 19,134,006 ) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ OTC Swap - Commodity Contracts ​ Realized gain (loss) on closed OTC commodity swap contracts ​ $ ( 18,416,818 ) ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 22,162,096 ​ ​ ​ ​ $ ( 24,349,916 ) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Change in unrealized gain (loss) on open OTC commodity swap contracts ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 966,091 ​ ​ ​ ​ $ ( 162 ) ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 2,239 ​ ​ NOTE 9 — SUBSEQUENT EVENTS USO has performed an evaluation of subsequent events through the date the financial statements were issued. This evaluation did not result in any subsequent events that necessitated disclosures and/or adjustments. ​ ​ 101 Table of Contents Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. Not applicable. ​ Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. Disclosure Controls and Procedures USO maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in USO’s periodic reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time period specified in the SEC’s rules and forms. The duly appointed officers of USCF, including its chief executive officer and chief financial officer, who perform functions equivalent to those of a principal executive officer and principal financial officer of USO if USO had any officers, have evaluated the effectiveness of USO’s disclosure controls and procedures and have concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures of USO have been effective as of the end of the period covered by this annual report on Form 10-K. Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting USO is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. USO’s internal control system is designed to provide reasonable assurance to USCF and the Board of USCF regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. USCF’s report on internal control over financial reporting is set forth above under the heading, “Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting” in Item 8 of this annual report on Form 10-K. Change in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There were no changes in USO’s internal control over financial reporting during USO’s last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, USO’s internal control over financial reporting. ​ Item 9B. Other Information. No officers or directors of the Company have adopted , modified or terminated trading plans under either a Rule 10b5-1 or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as such terms are defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K of the Securities Act of 1933) for the three-month period ended December 31, 2025. Monthly Account Statements Pursuant to the requirement under Rule 4.22 under the CEA, each month USO publishes an account statement for its shareholders, which includes a Statement of Income (Loss) and a Statement of Changes in Net Asset Value. The account statement is furnished to the SEC on a current report on Form 8-K pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and posted each month on USO’s website at www.uscfinvestments.com. ​ Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. Not applicable. ​ ​ 102 Table of Contents Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. Principals and Key Personnel of USCF. USO has no executive officers. Pursuant to the terms of the LP Agreement, USO’s affairs are managed by USCF. The following principals of USCF serve in the below mentioned capacities: ​ Name ​ ​ ​ Age ​ ​ ​ Capacity John P. Love 54 Management Director, Chairman of the Board of Directors, President and Chief Executive Officer Stuart P. Crumbaugh ​ 62 ​ Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer Andrew F Ngim ​ 65 ​ Chief Operating Officer and Portfolio Manager Kathryn D. Rooney ​ 53 ​ Management Director, Chief Marketing Officer Daphne G. Frydman 51 Director of Compliance Ray W. Allen 69 Portfolio Manager Kevin A. Baum 55 Chief Investment Officer Gordon L. Ellis 79 Independent Director Malcolm R. Fobes III 61 Independent Director Peter M. Robinson 68 Independent Director ​ Ray W. Allen , 69, Portfolio Manager of USCF since January 2008. Mr. Allen was the portfolio manager of: (1) UGA from February 2008 until March 2010, and then portfolio manager since May 2015, (2) UHN from April 2008 until March 2010, and then portfolio manager from May 2015 to September 2018, (3) UNL from November 2009 until March 2010, and then portfolio manager since May 2015. In addition, he has been the portfolio manager of: (1) DNO from September 2009 to September 2018, (2) USO and USL since March 2010, (3) BNO since June 2010, (4) UNG since May 2015, (5) United States 3x Oil Fund and United States 3x Short Oil Fund from July 2017 to December 2019. Mr. Allen also has served as the portfolio manager of the USCF SummerHaven Dynamic Commodity Strategy No K-1 Fund, a series of the USCF ETF Trust, from May 2018 to October 2021 and then portfolio manager since January 2022. Mr. Allen has been a principal of USCF listed with the CFTC and NFA since March 2009 and has been registered as an associated person of USCF since July 2015 and from March 2008 to November 2012. Additionally, Mr. Allen has been approved as an NFA swaps associated person of USCF since July 2015. As of February 2017, he also is an associated person and swap associated person of USCF Advisers, LLC (“USCF Advisers”). USCF Advisers, an affiliate of USCF, is an investment adviser registered under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, and, as of February 2017, is registered as a commodity pool operator, NFA member and swap firm. Mr. Allen earned a B.A. in Economics from the University of California at Berkeley and holds an NFA Series 3 registration. Kevin A. Baum , 55, has served as the Chief Investment Officer of USCF since September 1, 2016 and as a Portfolio Manager of USCF from March 2016 to April 2017. He also has served as the Chief Investment Officer of USCF Advisers since June 2021. Prior to joining USCF, Mr. Baum temporarily retired from December 2015 to March 2016. Mr. Baum served as the Vice President and Senior Portfolio Manager for Invesco, an investment manager that manages a family of exchange-traded funds, from October 2014 through December 2015. Mr. Baum was temporarily retired from May 2012 through September 2014. From May 1993 to April 2012, Mr. Baum worked as the Senior Portfolio Manager, Head of Commodities for OppenheimerFunds, Inc., a global asset manager. Mr. Baum has been approved with respect to USCF as an NFA principal and associated person since April 2016, and a swap associated person since November 2020. He also is an associated person of USCF Advisers as of February 2017, and, as of June 2021, a principal and swap associated person of USCF Advisers. USCF Advisers, an affiliate of USCF, is an investment adviser registered under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, and, as of February 2017, is registered as a commodity pool operator, NFA member and swap firm. Mr. Baum is a CFA Charterholder, CAIA Charterholder, earned a B.B.A. in Finance from Texas Tech University and holds an NFA Series 3 and FINRA Series 7 registrations. Stuart P. Crumbaugh , 62 , Management Director of USCF since April 2023 and Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer of USCF since May 2015. In addition, Mr. Crumbaugh has served as a director of USCF Investments, the parent and sole member of USCF, since December 2016. Mr. Crumbaugh has been a principal of USCF listed with the CFTC and NFA since July 1, 2015 and, as of January 2017, he is a principal of USCF Advisers, an affiliate of USCF, which is an investment adviser registered under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, and, as of February 2017, is registered as a commodity pool operator, NFA member and swap firm. Since June 2015, Mr. Crumbaugh has been the Treasurer and Secretary of USCF Advisers. He has served as a Management Trustee, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of USCF ETF Trust since May 2015. Mr. Crumbaugh joined USCF as the Assistant Chief Financial Officer on April 6, 2015. Also, Mr. Crumbaugh served as the Chief Financial Officer of The Marygold Companies, Inc., formerly Concierge Technologies, Inc. (“Marygold”), the parent of USCF Investments, Inc. (formerly Wainwright Holdings, Inc.) (“USCF Investments”) 103 Table of Contents from December 2017 to January 2024 and as a management director on the board of directors of Marygold from April 2023 to January 2024. He is also the Treasurer and a member of the Board of Directors of Marygold & Co., a subsidiary of Marygold, since November 2019. Prior to joining USCF, Mr. Crumbaugh was the Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer of Sikka Software Corporation, a software service healthcare company providing optimization software and data solutions from April 2014 to April 6, 2015. Mr. Crumbaugh served as a consultant providing technical accounting, IPO readiness and M&A consulting services to various early stage companies with the Connor Group, a technical accounting consulting firm, for the periods of January 2014 through March 2014; October 2012 through November 2012; and January 2011 through February 2011. Mr. Crumbaugh earned a B.A. in Accounting and Business Administration from Michigan State University in 1987 and is a Certified Public Accountant - Michigan (inactive). Daphne G. Frydman , 51 , General Counsel of USCF and USCF Advisers, LLC since May 2018, and Director of Compliance of USCF since April 2022. She is also the Chief Legal Officer of USCF ETF Trust since May 2018 and Secretary of the same since December 2021. Ms. Frydman served as Deputy General Counsel of USCF and USCF Advisers, LLC from May 2016 through May 2018. From September 2001 through April 2016, Ms. Frydman was an attorney in private practice at the law firm Sutherland Asbill & Brennan LLP. Ms. Frydman is listed as a principal of USCF as of June 1, 2022. Ms. Frydman earned her J.D. from the Northwestern University Pritzker School of Law and a B.A. in College of Letters and Spanish from Wesleyan University. John P. Love, 54, President and Chief Executive Officer of USCF since May 15, 2015, Management Director of USCF since October 2016 and Chairman of the Board of Directors of USCF since October 2019. Mr. Love also is a director of USCF Investments, a position he has held since December 2016. Mr. Love previously served as a Senior Portfolio Manager for the Related Public Funds from March 2010 through May 2015. Prior to that, while still at USCF, he was a Portfolio Manager beginning with the launch of USO in April 2006. Mr. Love also served as a portfolio manager of USCF from April 2006 until April 2015. Mr. Love has served on the Board of Managers of USCF Advisers since November 2016 and as its President since June 2015. USCF Advisers, an affiliate of USCF, is an investment adviser registered under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, and, as of February 2017, is registered as a commodity pool operator, NFA member and swap firm. He also has served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of the USCF ETF Trust since December 2015. Mr. Love has been a principal of USCF listed with the CFTC and NFA since January 17, 2006. Mr. Love has been registered as an associated person of USCF since February 2015 and from December 2005 to April 2009. Additionally, Mr. Love has been approved as an NFA swaps associated person since February 2015. Mr. Love is a principal of USCF Advisers LLC as of January 2017. Additionally, effective as of February 2017, he is an associated person and, swap associated person of USCF Advisers. Mr. Love earned a B.A. from the University of Southern California, holds NFA Series 3 and FINRA Series 7 registrations and is a CFA Charterholder. Andrew F Ngim , 65, co-founded USCF in 2005 and has served as the Chief Operating Officer of USCF since August 2016. He also served as a Management Director of USCF from May 2005 to April 2023. Mr. Ngim served as the portfolio manager for USCI and CPER since January 2013. Mr. Ngim also served as USCF’s Treasurer from June 2005 to February 2012. In addition, he has been on the Board of Managers and has served as the Assistant Secretary and Assistant Treasurer of USCF Advisers since its inception in June 2013 and Chief Operating Officer of USCF Advisers since March 2021. Prior to and concurrent with his services to USCF and USCF Advisers, from January 1999 to January 2013, Mr. Ngim served as a Managing Director for Ameristock Corporation, a California-based investment adviser, which he co-founded in March 1995, and was Co-Portfolio Manager of Ameristock Mutual Fund, Inc. from January 2000 to January 2013. Mr. Ngim also serves as the portfolio manager for the following series of the USCF ETF Trust: (1) USCF SummerHaven Dynamic Commodity Strategy No K-1 Fund, from May 2018 to present, (2) the USCF Sustainable Battery Metals Strategy Fund from January 2023 to present, (3) the USCF Energy Commodity Strategy Absolute Return Fund from May 2023 to present, (4) the USCF Sustainable Commodity Strategy Fund from August 9, 2023 to present. Mr. Ngim served as a Management Trustee of the USCF ETF Trust from August 2014 to August 2023, and (5) the USCF Oil Plus Bitcoin Strategy Fund from December 9, 2025 to present. Mr. Ngim has been a principal of USCF listed with the CFTC and NFA since November 2005 and a principal of USCF Advisers LLC since January 2017. USCF Advisers, an affiliate of USCF, is an investment adviser registered under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, and, as of February 2017, is registered as a commodity pool operator, NFA member and swap firm. Mr. Ngim earned his B.A. from the University of California at Berkeley. Kathryn D. Rooney , 52, Management Director of USCF since April 2023 and Chief Marketing Officer of USCF since January 2016. Ms. Rooney also serves as a director of USCF Advisers since March 10, 2024 and was listed as a principal of USCF Advisers effective March 28, 2025. She also served as a member of the Board of Directors of The Marygold Companies, which is the parent of USCF Investments, Inc., from January 2017 to April 2023. USCF Investments, Inc. is the sole member of USCF. Previously, Ms. Rooney was the National Sales Director at USCF from January 2007 to December 2015. Ms. Rooney was the Director of Business Development at the Ameristock Corporation, a California-based registered investment adviser, from September 2003 to January 2007. Prior to joining the Ameristock Corporation, she was Regional Sales Director at Accessor Capital Management, a registered investment adviser that was based in Seattle, Washington, from October 2002 to August 2003, National Sales Director at ALPS Mutual Fund Services, Inc., a boutique investment services company offering outsourced back office operations and distribution services to mutual fund managers, 104 Table of Contents from June 1999 to October 2002, and Trust Officer at Fifth Third Bancorp, an American bank holding company headquartered in Ohio, from June 1994 to May 1999. Additionally, Ms. Rooney has been registered as an associated person of USCF since August 2015 and from December 2005 to April 2009 and is listed as a principal of USCF effective as of April 2023. Additionally, effective as of February 2017, she is an associated person of USCF Advisers, LLC, an affiliate of USCF, which is an investment adviser registered under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, and, as of February 2017, is registered as a commodity pool operator, NFA member and swap firm. Ms. Rooney graduated from Wellesley College with a B.A. in economics and psychology in June 1994. Gordon L. Ellis , 79, Independent Director of USCF since September 2005. Previously, Mr. Ellis was a founder of International Absorbents, Inc., Director and Chairman since July 1985 and July 1988, respectively, and Chief Executive Officer and President since November 1996. He also served as Chairman of Absorption Corp., a wholly-owned subsidiary of International Absorbents, Inc., which is a leading developer and producer of environmentally friendly pet care and industrial products, from May July 1985 until July 2010 when it was sold to Kinderhook Industries, a private investment banking firm and remained as a director until March 2013 when Absorption Corp was sold again to J. Rettenmaier & Söhne Group, a German manufacturing firm. Concurrent with that, he founded and has served as Chairman from November 2010 to present of Lupaka Gold Corp., a firm that acquires, explores and developed mining properties and is currently driving an arbitration suit against the Republic of Peru. He also serves as a director of Goldhaven Resources, a firm that acquires, explores and develops mining properties in Canada and Chile, from August 2020 to present. Mr. Ellis has his Chartered Directors designation from The Director’s College (a joint venture of McMaster University and The Conference Board of Canada). He has been a principal of USCF listed with the CFTC and NFA since November 2005. Mr. Ellis is a professional engineer, retired, and earned an M.B.A. in international finance. Malcolm R. Fobes III , 61, Independent Director of USCF and Chairman of USCF’s audit committee since September 2005. He founded and is the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer of Berkshire Capital Holdings, Inc., a California-based investment adviser registered under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 that has been sponsoring and providing portfolio management services to mutual funds since June 1997. Mr. Fobes serves as Chairman and President of The Berkshire Funds, a mutual fund investment company registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940. Since 1997, Mr. Fobes has also served as portfolio manager of the Berkshire Focus Fund, a mutual fund registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, which concentrates its investments in the electronic technology industry. He was also contributing editor of Start a Successful Mutual Fund: The Step-by-Step Reference Guide to Make It Happen (JV Books, 1995). Mr. Fobes has been a principal of USCF listed with the CFTC and NFA since November 2005. He earned a B.S. in finance with a minor in economics from San Jose State University in California. Peter M. Robinson , 68, Independent Director of USCF since September 2005. Mr. Robinson has been a Research Fellow since 1993 with the Hoover Institution, a public policy think tank located on the campus of Stanford University. He authored three books and has been published in the New York Times, Red Herring, and Forbes ASAP and is the editor of Can Congress Be Fixed?: Five Essays on Congressional Reform (Hoover Institution Press, 1995). Mr. Robinson has been a principal of USCF listed with the CFTC and NFA since December 2005. He earned an M.B.A. from the Stanford University Graduate School of Business, graduated from Oxford University in 1982 after studying politics, philosophy, and economics and graduated summa cum laude from Dartmouth College in 1979. The following are individual Principals, as that term is defined in CFTC Rule 3.1, for USCF: John P. Love, Stuart P. Crumbaugh, Daphne G. Frydman, Nicholas D. Gerber, Melinda D. Gerber, Andrew F Ngim, Peter M. Robinson, Kathryn D. Rooney, Gordon L. Ellis, Malcolm R. Fobes III, Ray W. Allen, Kevin A. Baum, and USCF Investments, Inc., formerly Wainwright Holdings, Inc. The individuals who are Principals due to their positions are John P. Love, Stuart P. Crumbaugh, Daphne G. Frydman, Andrew F Ngim, Peter M. Robinson, Kathryn D. Rooney, Gordon L. Ellis, Malcolm R. Fobes III, Ray W. Allen, and Kevin A. Baum. In addition, USCF Investments is a Principal because it is the sole member of USCF. None of the Principals owns or has any other beneficial interest in USO. Ray W. Allen makes trading and investment decisions for USO. Ray W. Allen, Darius Coby, Seth Lancaster and Zach Sanchez execute trades on behalf of USO. In addition, John P. Love, Ray W. Allen, Kevin A. Baum, Kathryn Rooney, and Maya Lowry are registered with the CFTC as Associated Persons of USCF and are NFA Associate Members. John P. Love, Kevin A. Baum and Ray W. Allen are also registered with the CFTC as Swaps Associated Persons. Audit Committee The Board of USCF has an audit committee which is made up of the three independent directors (Gordon L. Ellis, Malcolm R. Fobes III, and Peter M. Robinson). The audit committee is governed by an audit committee charter that is posted on USO’s website at www.uscfinvestments.com. The Board has determined that each member of the audit committee meets the financial literacy requirements of the NYSE Arca and the audit committee charter. The Board has further determined that each of Messrs. Ellis and Fobes 105 Table of Contents have accounting or related financial management expertise, as required by the NYSE Arca, such that each of them is considered an “Audit Committee Financial Expert” as such term is defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K. Other Committees Since the individuals who perform work on behalf of USO are not compensated by USO, but instead by USCF, USO does not have a compensation committee. Similarly, since the directors noted above serve on the Board of USCF, there is no nominating committee of the Board that acts on behalf of USO. USCF believes that it is necessary for each member of the Board to possess many qualities and skills. USCF further believes that all directors should possess a considerable amount of business management and educational experience. When vacancies in USCF’s Board occur, the members of the Board consider a candidate’s management experience as well as his/her background, stature, conflicts of interest, integrity and ethics. In connection with this, the Board also considers issues of diversity, such as diversity of gender, race and national origin, education, professional experience and differences in viewpoints and skills. The Board does not have a formal policy with respect to diversity; however, the Board believes that it is essential that the Board members represent diverse viewpoints. Code of Ethics USCF has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the “Code of Ethics”) that applies to its principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions, and also to USO. USO has posted the text of the Code of Ethics on its website at www.uscfinvestments.com. Any shareholder of USO may also obtain a printed copy of the Code of Ethics, free of charge, by calling 1-800-920-0259. USO intends to disclose any amendments or waivers to the Code of Ethics applicable to USCF’s principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions, on its website. Insider Trading Policy USCF has adopted an insider trading policy applicable to USCF’s directors, officers and employees, which is included as an exhibit to this annual report on Form 10-K. Executive Sessions of the Non-Management Directors In accordance with the Corporate Governance Policy of USCF, the non-management directors of the Board (who are the same as the independent directors of the Board) meet separately from the other directors in regularly scheduled executive sessions, without the presence of Management Directors or executive officers of USCF. The non-management directors have designated Gordon L. Ellis to preside over each such executive session. Interested parties who wish to make their concerns known to the non-management directors may communicate directly with Mr. Ellis by writing to 475 Milan Drive, No. 103, San Jose, CA 95134-2453 or by e-mail at uscf.director@gmail.com. Board Leadership Structure and Role in Risk Oversight The Board of USCF is led by a Chairman, Mr. John P. Love, who also serves as USCF’s President and Chief Executive Officer. The Board’s responsibilities include: (i) the selection, evaluation, retention and succession of the Chief Executive Officer and the oversight of the selection and performance of other executive officers, (ii) understanding, reviewing and monitoring the implementation of strategic plans, annual operating plans and budgets, (iii) the selection and oversight of USO’s independent auditors and the oversight of USO’s financial statements, (iv) advising management on significant issues, (v) the review and approval of significant company actions and certain other matters, (vi) nominating directors and committee members and overseeing effective corporate governance and (vii) the consideration of other constituencies, such as USCF’s and USO’s customers, employees, suppliers and the communities impacted by USO. The non-management directors have designated Gordon L. Ellis as the presiding independent director. Mr. Ellis’ role as the presiding independent director includes presiding over each executive session of the non-management directors, facilitating communications by shareholders and employees with the non-management directors and may also include representing the non-management directors with respect to certain matters as to which the views of the non-management directors are sought pursuant to USO’s Corporate Governance Policy. The Board believes that Mr. Love is best situated to serve as Chairman of USCF because he is the director most familiar with the business of USCF as the President and CEO of USCF. Because of his background, he is most capable of effectively leading discussions and execution of new strategic objectives while facilitating information flow between USCF and the full Board, including the independent directors, which is essential to effective governance. The independent directors of USCF are actively involved in the 106 Table of Contents oversight of USCF and, because of their varied backgrounds, provide different perspectives in connection with the oversight of USCF, USO and the Related Public Funds. USCF’s independent directors bring expertise from outside USCF and the commodities industry, while Mr. Love brings company-specific and industry-specific experience and expertise. Risk Management The full Board is actively involved in overseeing the management and operation of USCF, including oversight of the risks that face USO and the Related Public Funds. USCF’s compliance policies and procedures are intended to ensure that USCF takes prudent and careful action while entering into and managing investments taken by USO, including Oil Futures Contracts and Other Oil-Related Investments such as OTC swap contracts. Additionally, the policies are intended to provide assurance that there is sufficient flexibility in controlling risks and returns associated with the use of investments by USO. The policies and procedures, among other things, provide criteria for OTC swap counterparties and documentation. There are certain risks that may arise as a result of a growth in assets under management. For example, if position limits are imposed on USO and the assets under management continue to increase, then USO may not be able to invest solely in the Benchmark Oil Futures Contracts and may have to invest in OTC swap contracts or Other Oil-Related Investments as it seeks to track its benchmark. Other Oil Futures Contracts in which USO may invest may not track changes in the price of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract. Other Oil-Related Investments, including OTC swap contracts, may also expose USO to increased counterparty credit risk and may be less liquid and more difficult to value than Oil Futures Contracts. USO and the Related Public Funds ameliorate the potential credit, liquidity and valuation risks by fully collateralizing any OTC swap contracts or other investments. ​ Item 11. Executive Compensation. Compensation to USCF and Other Compensation USO does not directly compensate any of the executive officers noted above. The executive officers noted above are compensated by USCF for the work they perform on behalf of and other entities controlled by USCF. USO does not reimburse USCF for, nor does it set the amount or form of any portion of, the compensation paid to the executive officers by USCF. USO pays fees to USCF pursuant to the LP Agreement under which it is obligated to pay USCF an annualized fee of 0.45% of average daily total net assets. For 2025, USO accrued aggregate management fees of $4,409,002. Director Compensation The following table sets forth compensation earned during the year ended December 31, 2025, by the directors of USCF. USO’s portion of the aggregate fees paid for director’s fees and insurance for the year ended December 31, 2025 was $338,042. ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Change in ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Pension ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Fees ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Value and ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Earned ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Nonqualified ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ or ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Non-Equity ​ ​ Deferred ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Paid in ​ Stock ​ Option ​ Incentive Plan ​ ​ Compensation ​ All Other ​ ​ ​ Name ​ Cash ​ Awards ​ Awards ​ Compensation ​ ​ Plan ​ Compensation ​ Total Management Directors ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ John P. Love ​ $ — ​ NA ​ NA ​ NA ​ $ — ​ $ — ​ $ — Stuart P. Crumbaugh ​ $ — ​ NA ​ NA ​ NA ​ $ — ​ $ — ​ $ — John P. Love ​ $ — ​ NA ​ NA ​ NA ​ $ — ​ $ — ​ $ — Robert L. Nguyen (2) ​ $ — ​ NA ​ NA ​ NA ​ ​ — ​ $ — ​ $ — Kathryn D. Rooney ​ $ — ​ NA ​ NA ​ NA ​ ​ — ​ $ — ​ $ — Independent Directors ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Peter M. Robinson ​ $ 45,160 NA NA NA ​ $ — ​ $ — ​ $ 45,160 Gordon L. Ellis ​ $ 45,160 NA NA NA ​ $ — ​ $ — ​ $ 45,160 Malcolm R. Fobes III (1) ​ $ 55,356 NA NA NA ​ $ — ​ $ — ​ $ 55,356 (1) Mr. Fobes serves as chairman of the audit committee of USCF and receives additional compensation from USCF, in recognition of the additional responsibilities he has undertaken in this role. (2) Mr. Nguyen served as a director of USCF until May 31, 2025. This table reflects his compensation earned through that date. ​ 107 Table of Contents Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. None of the directors or executive officers of USCF own any shares of USO. In addition, USO is not aware of any 5% holder of its shares. ​ Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions USO has and will continue to have certain relationships with USCF and its affiliates. However, there have been no direct financial transactions between USO and the directors or officers of USCF that have not been disclosed herein. See “Item 11. Executive Compensation” and “Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.” Any transaction with a related person that must be disclosed in accordance with SEC Regulation S-K item 404(a), including financial transactions by USO with directors or executive officers of USCF or holders of beneficial interests in USCF or USO of more than 5%, will be subject to the provisions regarding “Resolutions of Conflicts of Interest; Standard of Care” as set forth in Section 7.7 of the LP Agreement and will be reviewed and approved by the audit committee of the Board of USCF. Director Independence In February 2025, the Board undertook a review of the independence of the directors of USCF and considered whether any director has a material relationship or other arrangement with USCF, USO or the Related Public Funds that could compromise his ability to exercise independent judgment in carrying out his responsibilities. As a result of this review, the Board determined that each of Messrs. Fobes, Ellis and Robinson is an “independent director,” as defined under the rules of NYSE Arca. ​ Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. The fees for services billed to USO by its independent auditors for the last two fiscal years are as follows: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 2025 ​ ​ ​ 2024 Audit fees ​ $ 167,500 ​ $ 162,500 Audit-related fees ​ — ​ — Tax fees ​ 17,500 ​ 17,000 All other fees ​ 5,000 ​ 5,000 ​ ​ $ 190,000 ​ $ 184,500 ​ Audit fees consist of fees paid to Cohen & Company, Ltd. for (i) the audit of USO’s annual financial statements included in the annual report on Form 10-K, and review of financial statements included in the quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and certain of USO’s current reports on Form 8-K; (ii) the audit of USO’s internal control over financial reporting included in the annual report on Form 10-K; and (iii) services that are normally provided by the Independent Registered Public Accountants in connection with statutory and regulatory filings of registration statements. Tax fees consist of fees paid for professional services rendered in connection with tax compliance and partnership income tax return filings. The audit committee has established policies and procedures which are intended to control the services provided by USO’s independent auditors and to monitor their continuing independence. Under these policies and procedures, no audit or permitted non-audit services (including fees and terms thereof), except for the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in Section 10A(i)(1)(B) of the Exchange Act, may be undertaken by USO’s independent auditors unless the engagement is specifically pre-approved by the audit committee. The audit committee may form and delegate authority to subcommittees consisting of one or more members when appropriate, including the authority to grant pre-approvals of audit and permitted non-audit services, provided that decisions of such subcommittee to grant pre-approvals must be presented to the full audit committee at its next scheduled meeting. ​ 108 Table of Contents Part IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 1. See Index to Financial Statements on page XX. 2. No financial statement schedules are filed herewith because (i) such schedules are not required or (ii) the information required has been presented in the aforementioned financial statements. 3. Exhibits required to be filed by Item 601 of Regulation S-K. ​ Exhibit Index Listed below are the exhibits which are filed or furnished as part of this annual report on Form 10-K (according to the number assigned to them in Item 601 of Regulation S-K): ​ Exhibit Number ​ ​ ​ Description of Document 3.1(1) Certificate of Limited Partnership of the Registrant. 3.2(8) Seventh Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership. 3.3(7) Sixth Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of USCF. 4.1(14) ​ Description of Securities 10.1(9) Form of Initial Authorized Participant Agreement. 10.2(2) Marketing Agent Agreement. 10.3(2) Amendment Agreement to the Marketing Agent Agreement. 10.4(3) Amendment No. 2 to the Marketing Agent Agreement. 10.5(4) Third Amendment Agreement to the Marketing Agent Agreement. 10.5(5) ​ Amendment 5 to the Marketing Agent Agreement. 10.6(5) License Agreement between United States Commodity Funds LLC and New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc. 10.7(6) Third Amendment to License Agreement between United States Commodity Funds LLC and New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc. 10.8(15) Form of Custody Agreement with The Bank of New York Mellon. 10.9(15) Form of Transfer Agency and Service Agreement with The Bank of New York Mellon. 10.10(15) Form of Fund Administration and Accounting Agreement with Administrative Agency Agreement with The Bank of New York Mellon. 10.11(10) Form of Futures and Cleared Derivatives Transactions Customer Account Agreement with RBC Capital Markets LLC. 10.12(11) Form of Commodity Futures Customer Agreement with RCG Division of Marex Spectron. 10.13(12) Form of Customer Agreement with E D & F Man Capital Markets Inc. 10.14 (13) Form of Customer Agreement with Macquarie Futures USA LLC. 10.15 (17) ​ ISDA 2002 Master Agreement, dated November 30, 2021, by and between United States Oil Fund, LP and Macquarie Bank Limited. 10.15 (18) ​ ISDA 2002 Master Agreement, dated June 13, 2022, by and between United States Oil Fund, LP and Société Générale S.A. 19.1(16) ​ Insider Trading Policies and Procedures 23.1(19) Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 31.1(19) Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 31.2(19) Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 32.1(19) Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U. S. C. 1350). 32.2(19) Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U. S. C. 1350). 101.INS XBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema. 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase. 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase. 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase. 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase. 109 Table of Contents (1) Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-124950) filed on May 16, 2005. (2) Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter ended September 30, 2009, filed on November 9, 2009. (3) Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter ended June 30, 2012, filed on August 9, 2012. (4) Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, filed on February 27, 2013. (5) Incorporated by reference to United States Oil Fund, LP’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter ended March 31, 2007, filed on May 15, 2007. (6) Incorporated by reference to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on October 24, 2011. (7) Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, filed on February 26, 2016. (8) Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 15, 2017. (9) Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Form S-3 (File No. 333-209362), filed on February 3, 2016. (10) Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on October 10, 2013. (11) Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 29, 2020. (12) Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 9, 2020. (13) Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 7, 2020. (14) Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, filed on February 21, 2020. (15) Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 30, 2020. (16) Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, filed on February 28, 2025. (17) Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 1, 2021. (18) Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 15, 2022. (19) Filed herewith. ​ Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. ​ None. ​ 110 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. ​ United States Oil Fund, LP (Registrant) ​ By: United States Commodity Funds LLC, its general partner ​ ​ ​ By: /s/ John P. Love ​ John P. Love ​ President and Chief Executive Officer ​ (Principal executive officer) ​ ​ Date: February 27, 2026 By: /s/ Stuart P. Crumbaugh ​ Stuart P. Crumbaugh Chief Financial Officer (Principal financial and accounting officer) ​ ​ ​ Date: February 27, 2026 ​ ​ 111 Table of Contents Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. ​ Signature ​ ​ ​ Title (Capacity) ​ ​ ​ Date /s/ Kathryn D. Rooney Management Director February 27, 2026 Kathryn D. Rooney /s/ John P. Love Management Director February 27, 2026 John P. Love /s/ Stuart P. Crumbaugh Management Director February 27, 2026 Stuart P. Crumbaugh /s/ Peter M. Robinson Independent Director February 27, 2026 Peter M. Robinson /s/ Gordon L. Ellis Independent Director February 27, 2026 Gordon L. Ellis /s/ Malcolm R. Fobes III Independent Director February 27, 2026 Malcolm R. Fobes III ​ ​ ​ 112

--- VENDORS ---
vendors, brokers and other sources of market information. In addition, in order to provide updated information relating to USO for use by investors and market professionals, ICE Data Indices, LLC calculates and disseminates throughout the core trading session on each trading day an updated indicative fund value. The indicative fund value is calculated by using the prior day’s closing per share NAV of USO as a base and updating that value throughout the trading day to reflect changes in the most recently reported trade prices for the Oil Futures Contracts and Other Oil-Related Investments held by USO. The indicative fund value share basis disseminated during NYSE Arca core trading session hours should not be viewed as an actual real time update of the per share NAV, because the per share NAV is calculated only once at the end of each trading day based upon the relevant end of day values of USO’s investments. The indicative fund value is disseminated on a per share basis every 15 seconds during the regular NYSE Arca core trading session hours of 9:30 a.m. Eastern time to 4:00 p.m. Eastern time. The normal trading hours of the NYMEX are 6:00 p.m. Eastern time to 5:00 p.m. Eastern time the next day and its closing settlement price is set as of 2:30 p.m. Eastern time. ICE Futures normal trading hours for its Oil Futures Contracts are 8:00 p.m. Eastern Time until 6:00 p.m. Eastern time the next day. ICE Futures also sets its settlement price as of 2:30 p.m. Eastern time each trading day. The indicative fund value: (1) from 9:30 a.m. Eastern time to 2:30 p.m. Eastern time includes the real-time prices of the USO’s holdings of Oil Futures Contracts traded on the NYMEX and ICE Futures; and (2) thereafter, from that time to the close of the NYSE Arca core trading session, is based on the 2:30 p.m. settlement prices of Oil Futures Contracts traded on the NYMEX and ICE Futures, which are the same prices used for valuing such contracts in determining USO’s official end of day NAV. Therefore, a static indicative fund value is disseminated 24 Table of Contents between the time the settlement price is published (at approximately 2:30 p.m. Eastern time) for NYMEX and ICE Futures and the close of the NYSE Arca core trading session. In addition, the indicative fund value calculation includes other Oil Futures Contracts (i.e., other than Oil Futures Contracts traded on NYMEX or ICE Futures) and Other Oil-Related Investments held by USO by using the prices of the Oil Futures Contracts traded on NYMEX or ICE Futures referenced in, or used as the basis for, the prices of these other Oil Futures Contracts and Other Oil-Related Investments. Such other Oil Futures Contracts and Other Oil-Related Investments, like Oil Futures Contracts traded on the NYMEX and ICE Futures referenced above, also are valued using the real-time prices of Oil Futures Contracts traded on the NYMEX and ICE Futures up until approximately 2:30 p.m. Eastern Time, and, thereafter, to the close of the NYSE Arca Core Trading Session, based on the 2:30 p.m. settlement prices of Oil Futures Contracts traded on the NYMEX and ICE Futures. Therefore, the prices in the indicative fund value relating to such other Oil Futures Contracts and Other Oil-Related Investments are static between the time the settlement price is published for NYMEX and ICE Futures and the close of the NYSE Arca Core Trading Session. While the end of day value of Treasuries, cash and cash equivalents are included in USO’s prior end of day NAV, to which changes in the value of Oil Futures Contracts and Other Oil-Related Investments are applied in calculating the indicative fund value, intraday changes in the value of Treasuries, cash and cash equivalents are not applied in calculating the indicative fund value ICE Data Indices, LLC disseminates the indicative fund value through the facilities of CTA/CQ High Speed Lines. In addition, the indicative fund value is available through online information services such as Bloomberg and Reuters. Dissemination of the indicative fund value provides additional information that is not otherwise available to the public and is useful to investors and market professionals in connection with the trading of USO shares on the NYSE Arca. Investors and market professionals are able throughout the trading day to compare the market price of USO and the indicative fund value. USO reserves the right to adjust the share price of USO in the future to maintain convenient trading ranges for investors. Any adjustments would be accomplished through stock splits or reverse stock splits. Such splits would decrease (in the case of a split) or increase (in the case of a reverse split) the proportionate NAV per share,but would have no effect on the net assets of USO or the proportionate voting rights of shareholders or limited partners. Creation and Redemption of Shares USO creates and redeems shares from time to time, but only in one or more Creation Baskets or Redemption Baskets. The creation and redemption of baskets are only made in exchange for delivery to USO or the distribution by USO of the amount of Treasuries and any cash represented by the baskets being created or redeemed, the amount of which is based on the combined NAV of the number of shares included in the baskets being created or redeemed determined as of 4:00 p.m. New York time on the day the order to create or redeem baskets is properly received. Authorized Participants are the only persons that may place orders to create and redeem baskets. Authorized Participants must be: (1) registered broker-dealers or other securities market participants, such as banks and other financial institutions, that are not required to register as broker-dealers to engage in securities transactions as described below, and (2) DTC Participants. To become an Authorized Participant, a person must enter into an Authorized Participant Agreement with USCF on behalf of USO (each such agreement, an “Authorized Participant Agreement”). The Authorized Participant Agreement provides the procedures for the creation and redemption of baskets and for the delivery of the Treasuries and any cash required for such creations and redemptions. The Authorized Participant Agreement and the related procedures attached thereto may be amended by USO, without the consent of any limited partner or shareholder or Authorized Participant. Authorized Participants pay a transaction fee of $1,000 to USO for each order they place to create one or more Creation Baskets or to redeem one or more Redemption Baskets. Effective January 1, 2026 the transaction fee amount paid by Authorized Participants to create or redeem one or more Creation Baskets or Redemption Baskets was reduced from $1,000 per order to $350 per order.The transaction fee may be reduced, increased, or otherwise changed by USCF. Authorized Participants who make deposits with USO in exchange for baskets receive no fees, commissions or other form of compensation or inducement of any kind from either USO or USCF, and no such person will have any obligation or responsibility to USO or USCF to affect any sale or resale of shares. As of December 31, 2025, 13 Authorized Participants had entered into agreements with USCF on behalf of USO. During the year ended December 31, 2025, USO issued 912 Creation Baskets and redeemed (928) Redemption Baskets. Certain Authorized Participants are expected to be capable of participating directly in the physical crude oil market and the crude oil futures market. In some cases, Authorized Participants or their affiliates may from time to time buy or sell crude oil or Crude Oil Interests and may profit in these instances. USCF believes that the size and operation of the crude oil market make it unlikely that an Authorized Participant’s direct activities in the crude oil or securities markets will significantly affect the price of crude oil, Crude Oil Interests or the price of the shares. 25 Table of Contents Each Authorized Participant is required to be registered as a broker-dealer under the Exchange Act and is a member in good standing with FINRA, or exempt from being or otherwise not required to be registered as a broker-dealer or a member of FINRA, and qualified to act as a broker or dealer in the states or other jurisdictions where the nature of its business so requires. Certain Authorized Participants may also be regulated under federal and state banking laws and regulations. Each Authorized Participant has its own set of rules and procedures, internal controls and information barriers as it determines is appropriate in light of its own regulatory regime. Under the Authorized Participant Agreement, USCF, and USO under limited circumstances, have agreed to indemnify the Authorized Participants against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the 1933 Act, and to contribute to the payments the Authorized Participants may be required to make in respect of those liabilities. The following description of the procedures for the creation and redemption of baskets is only a summary and an investor should refer to the relevant provisions of the LP Agreement and the form of Authorized Participant Agreement for more detail, each of which is incorporated by reference into this annual report on Form 10-K. Creation Procedures On any business day, an Authorized Participant may place an order with the Marketing Agent to create one or more baskets. For purposes of processing purchase and redemption orders, a “business day” means any day other than a day when any of the NYSE Arca, the NYMEX or the NYSE is closed for regular trading. Purchase orders must be placed by 12:00 p.m. New York time or the close of regular trading on the NYSE Arca, whichever is earlier. The day on which the Marketing Agent receives a valid purchase order is referred to as the purchase order date. By placing a purchase order, an Authorized Participant agrees to deposit Treasuries, cash, or a combination of Treasuries and cash, as described below. Prior to the delivery of baskets for a purchase order, the Authorized Participant must also have wired to the Custodian the non-refundable transaction fee due for the purchase order. Authorized Participants may not withdraw a creation request, except as otherwise set forth in the procedures in the Authorized Participant Agreement. The manner by which creations are made is dictated by the terms of the Authorized Participant Agreement. By placing a purchase order, an Authorized Participant agrees to (1) deposit Treasuries, cash, or a combination of Treasuries and cash with the Custodian, and (2) if required by USCF in its sole discretion, enter into or arrange for a block trade, an exchange for physical or exchange for swap, or any other OTC energy transaction (through itself or a designated acceptable broker) with USO for the purchase of a number and type of futures contracts at the closing settlement price for such contracts on the purchase order date. If an Authorized Participant fails to consummate (1) and (2), the order shall be cancelled. The number and types of contracts specified shall be determined by USCF, in its sole discretion, to meet USO’s investment objective and shall be purchased as a result of the Authorized Participant’s purchase of shares. Determination of Required Deposits The total deposit required to create each Creation Basket (“Creation Basket Deposit”) is the amount of Treasuries and/or cash that is in the same proportion to the total assets of USO (net of estimated accrued but unpaid fees, expenses and other liabilities) on the purchase order date as the number of shares to be created under the purchase order is in proportion to the total number of shares outstanding on the purchase order date. USCF determines, directly in its sole discretion or in consultation with the Administrator, the requirements for Treasuries and the amount of cash, including the maximum permitted remaining maturity of a Treasury and proportions of Treasury and cash that may be included in deposits to create baskets. The Marketing Agent will publish such requirements at the beginning of each business day. The amount of cash deposit required is the difference between the aggregate market value of the Treasuries required to be included in a Creation Basket Deposit as of 4:00 p.m. New York time on the date the order to purchase is properly received and the total required deposit. Delivery of Required Deposits An Authorized Participant who places a purchase order is responsible for transferring to USO’s account with the Custodian the required amount of Treasuries and cash by the end of the second business day following the purchase order date. Upon receipt of the deposit amount, the Administrator directs DTC to credit the number of baskets ordered to the Authorized Participant’s DTC account on the second business day following the purchase order dates. The expense and risk of delivery and ownership of Treasuries until such Treasuries have been received by the Custodian on behalf of USO shall be borne solely by the Authorized Participant. 26 Table of Contents Because orders to purchase baskets must be placed by 12:00 p.m., New York time, but the total payment required to create a basket during the continuous offering period will not be determined until after 4:00 p.m., New York time, on the date the purchase order is received, Authorized Participants will not know the total amount of the payment required to create a basket at the time they submit an irrevocable purchase order for the basket. USO’s per share NAV and the total amount of the payment required to create a basket could rise or fall substantially between the time an irrevocable purchase order is submitted and the time the amount of the purchase price in respect thereof is determined. Rejection of Purchase Orders USCF acting by itself or through the Marketing Agent shall have the absolute right but no obligation to reject a purchase order or a Creation Basket Deposit if: ● it determines that the investment alternative available to USO at that time will not enable it to meet its investment objective; ● it determines that the purchase order or the Creation Basket Deposit is not in proper form; ● it believes that the purchase order or the Creation Basket Deposit would have adverse tax consequences to USO, the limited partners or its shareholders; ● the acceptance or receipt of the Creation Basket Deposit would, in the opinion of counsel to USCF, be unlawful; or ● circumstances outside the control of USCF, Marketing Agent or Custodian make it, for all practical purposes, not feasible to process creations of baskets. None of USCF, the Marketing Agent or the Custodian will be liable for the rejection of any purchase order or Creation Basket Deposit. Redemption Procedures The procedures by which an Authorized Participant can redeem one or more baskets mirror the procedures for the creation of baskets. On any business day, an Authorized Participant may place an order with the Marketing Agent to redeem one or more baskets. Redemption orders must be placed by 12:00 p.m. New York time or the close of regular trading on the NYSE Arca, whichever is earlier. A redemption order so received will be effective on the date it is received in satisfactory form by the Marketing Agent (“Redemption Order Date”). The redemption procedures allow Authorized Participants to redeem baskets and do not entitle an individual shareholder to redeem any shares in an amount less than a Redemption Basket, or to redeem baskets other than through an Authorized Participant. By placing a redemption order, an Authorized Participant agrees to deliver the baskets to be redeemed through DTC’s book-entry system to USO, as described below. Prior to the delivery of the redemption distribution for a redemption order, the Authorized Participant must also have wired to USO’s account at the Custodian the non-refundable transaction fee due for the redemption order. An Authorized Participant may not withdraw a redemption order, except as otherwise set forth in the procedures in the Authorized Participant Agreement. The manner by which redemptions are made is dictated by the terms of the Authorized Participant Agreement. By placing a redemption order, an Authorized Participant agrees to (1) deliver the Redemption Basket to be redeemed through DTC’s book-entry system to USO’s account with the Custodian not later than 3:00 p.m. New York time on the second business day following the effective date of the redemption order (“Redemption Distribution Date”), and (2) if required by USCF in its sole discretion, enter into or arrange for a block trade, an exchange for physical or exchange for swap, or any other OTC energy transaction (through itself or a designated acceptable broker) with USO for the sale of a number and type of futures contracts at the closing settlement price for such contracts on the Redemption Order Date. If an Authorized Participant fails to consummate (1) and (2) above, the order shall be cancelled. The number and type of contracts specified shall be determined by USCF, in its sole discretion, to meet USO’s investment objective and shall be sold as a result of the Authorized Participant’s sale of shares. 27 Table of Contents Determination of Redemption Distribution The redemption distribution from USO consists of a transfer to the redeeming Authorized Participant of an amount of Treasuries and/or cash that is in the same proportion to the total assets of USO (net of estimated accrued but unpaid fees, expenses and other liabilities) on the date the order to redeem is properly received as the number of shares to be redeemed under the redemption order is in proportion to the total number of shares outstanding on the date the order is received. USCF, directly or in consultation with the Administrator, determines the requirements for Treasuries and the amounts of cash, including the maximum permitted remaining maturity of a Treasury, and the proportions of Treasuries and cash that may be included in distributions to redeem baskets. The Marketing Agent will publish an estimate of the redemption distribution per basket as of the beginning of each business day. Delivery of Redemption Distribution The redemption distribution due from USO will be delivered to the Authorized Participant by 3:00 p.m. New York time on the second business day following the redemption order date if, by 3:00 p.m. New York time on such second business day, USO’s DTC account has been credited with the baskets to be redeemed. If USO’s DTC account has not been credited with all of the baskets to be redeemed by such time, the redemption distribution will be delivered to the extent of whole baskets received. Any remainder of the redemption distribution will be delivered on the next business day to the extent of remaining whole baskets received if USO receives the fee applicable to the extension of the redemption distribution date which USCF may, from time to time, determine and the remaining baskets to be redeemed are credited to USO’s DTC account by 3:00 p.m. New York time on such next business day. Any further outstanding amount of the redemption order shall be cancelled. Pursuant to information from USCF, the Custodian will also be authorized to deliver the redemption distribution notwithstanding that the baskets to be redeemed are not credited to USO’s DTC account by 3:00 p.m. New York time on the second business day following the redemption order date if the Authorized Participant has collateralized its obligation to deliver the baskets through DTC’s book entry-system on such terms as USCF may from time to time determine. Suspension or Rejection of Redemption Orders USCF may, in its discretion, suspend the right of redemption, or postpone the redemption settlement date, (1) for any period during which the NYSE Arca or the NYMEX is closed other than customary weekend or holiday closings, or trading on the NYSE Arca or the NYMEX is suspended or restricted, (2) for any period during which an emergency exists as a result of which delivery, disposal or evaluation of Treasuries is not reasonably practicable, or (3) for such other period as USCF determines to be necessary for the protection of the limited partners or shareholders. For example, USCF may determine that it is necessary to suspend redemptions to allow for the orderly liquidation of USO’s assets at an appropriate value to fund a redemption. If USCF has difficulty liquidating USO positions, e.g., because of a market disruption event in the futures markets, a suspension of trading by the exchange where the futures contracts are listed or an unanticipated delay in the liquidation of a position in an OTC contract, it may be appropriate to suspend redemptions until such time as such circumstances are rectified. None of USCF, the Marketing Agent, the Administrator, or the Custodian will be liable to any person or in any way for any loss or damages that may result from any such suspension or postponement. Redemption orders must be made in whole baskets. USCF will reject a redemption order if the order is not in proper form as described in the Authorized Participant Agreement or if the fulfillment of the order, in the opinion of its counsel, might be unlawful. USCF may also reject a redemption order if the number of shares being redeemed would reduce the remaining outstanding shares to 100,000 shares (i.e., one basket) or less, unless USCF has reason to believe that the placer of the redemption order does in fact possess all the outstanding shares and can deliver them. Creation and Redemption Transaction Fee To compensate USO for its expenses in connection with the creation and redemption of baskets, an Authorized Participant is required to pay a transaction fee to USO of $1,000 per order to create or redeem baskets, regardless of the number of baskets in such order. An order may include multiple baskets. Effective January 1, 2026 the transaction fee amount paid by Authorized Participants to create or redeem one or more Creation Baskets or Redemption Baskets was reduced from $1,000 per order to $350 per order. The transaction fee may be reduced, increased or otherwise changed by USCF. USCF shall notify DTC of any change in the transaction fee and will not implement any increase in the fee for the redemption of baskets until thirty (30) days after the date of the notice. 28 Table of Contents Tax Responsibility Authorized Participants are responsible for any transfer tax, sales or use tax, stamp tax, recording tax, value added tax or similar tax or governmental charge applicable to the creation or redemption of baskets, regardless of whether or not such tax or charge is imposed directly on the Authorized Participant, and agree to indemnify USCF and USO if they are required by law to pay any such tax, together with any applicable penalties, additions to tax and interest thereon. Secondary Market Transactions As noted, USO creates and redeems shares from time to time, but only in one or more Creation Baskets or Redemption Baskets. The creation and redemption of baskets are only made in exchange for delivery to USO or the distribution by USO of the amount of Treasuries and cash represented by the baskets being created or redeemed, the amount of which will be based on the aggregate NAV of the number of shares included in the baskets being created or redeemed determined on the day the order to create or redeem baskets is properly received. As discussed above, Authorized Participants are the only persons that may place orders to create and redeem baskets. Authorized Participants must be registered broker-dealers or other securities market participants, such as banks and other financial institutions that are not required to register as broker-dealers to engage in securities transactions. An Authorized Participant is under no obligation to create or redeem baskets, and an Authorized Participant is under no obligation to offer to the public shares of any baskets it does create. Authorized Participants that do offer to the public shares from the baskets they create will do so at per-share offering prices that are expected to reflect, among other factors, the trading price of the shares on the NYSE Arca, the per share NAV of USO at the time the Authorized Participant purchased the Creation Baskets and the per share NAV of the shares at the time of the offer of the shares to the public, the supply of and demand for shares at the time of sale, and the liquidity of the Oil Futures Contract market and the market for Other Oil-Related Investments. Shares initially comprising the same basket but offered by Authorized Participants to the public at different times may have different offering prices. An order for one or more baskets may be placed by an Authorized Participant on behalf of multiple clients. Authorized Participants who make deposits with USO in exchange for baskets receive no fees, commissions or other forms of compensation or inducement of any kind from either USO or USCF, and no such person has any obligation or responsibility to USCF or USO to affect any sale or resale of shares. Shares trade in the secondary market on the NYSE Arca. Shares may trade in the secondary market at prices that are lower or higher relative to their NAV per share. The amount of the discount or premium in the trading price relative to the NAV per share may be influenced by various factors, including, among other things, the number of investors who seek to purchase or sell shares in the secondary market, availability of Creation Baskets, the liquidity of the Oil Futures Contracts market and the market for Other Oil-Related Investments. As an example, on April 21, 2020, the price per of USO shares sold in the secondary market was 36% higher than the end of day per share NAV of USO. The discrepancy was attributable to increased demand for USO shares due to market forces and USO’s having temporarily halted the offer for purchase of Creation Baskets. In addition, while USO’s shares trade during the core trading session on the NYSE Arca until 4:00 p.m. New York time, liquidity in the market for Oil Futures Contracts and Other Oil-Related Investments traded on the NYMEX may be reduced after the determination of the settlement price by the NYMEX at 2:30 p.m. New York time. USO’s NAV is calculated based on the settlement price of Oil Futures Contracts at 2:30 p.m. Eastern Time and the closing share price of USO on the NYSE Arca takes into account changes in the price of Oil Futures Contracts that occur after the settlement price is determined. As a result, during this time, particularly if USO has invested in Oil Futures Contracts and Other Oil-Related Investments traded on the NYMEX, trading spreads, and the resulting premium or discount, on the shares may widen. Use of Proceeds USCF causes USO to transfer the proceeds from the sale of Creation Baskets to the Custodian or other custodian for trading activities. USCF will invest USO’s assets in Oil-Interest and investments in Treasuries, cash and/or cash equivalents. When USO purchases an Oil Futures Contract and certain exchange-traded Other Oil-Related Investments, USO is required to deposit typically 5% to 30% with the selling FCMs on behalf of the exchange as a portion of the value of the contract or other interest as security to ensure payment for the obligation under Oil Interests at maturity. This deposit is known as initial margin. Counterparties in transactions in OTC contracts will generally impose similar collateral requirements on USO. USCF will invest the assets that remain after margin and collateral are posted in Treasuries, cash and/or cash equivalents subject to these margin and collateral requirements. USCF has sole authority to determine the percentage of assets that are: ● held on deposit with the FCMs or other custodian; 29 Table of Contents ● used for other investments, and ● held in bank accounts to pay current obligations and as reserves. An FCM, counterparty, government agency or commodity exchange could increase margin or collateral requirements applicable to USO to hold trading positions at any time. The percentage of assets committed as margin may be substantially more, or less, that the 5% to 30% range described above. Ongoing margin and collateral payments will generally be required for both exchange-traded and OTC contracts based on changes in the value of the Oil Interests. Furthermore, ongoing collateral requirements with respect to OTC contracts are negotiated by the parties, and may be affected by overall market volatility, volatility of the underlying commodity or index, the ability of the counterparty to hedge its exposure under the Oil Interests, and each party’s creditworthiness. Margin is merely a security deposit and has no bearing on the profit or loss potential for any positions held. In light of the differing requirements for initial payments under exchange-traded and OTC contracts and the fluctuating nature of ongoing margin and collateral payments, it is not possible to estimate what portion of USO’s assets will be posted as margin or collateral at any given time. The Treasuries, cash and cash equivalents held by USO will constitute reserves that will be available to meet ongoing margin and collateral requirements. All interest income will be used for USO’s benefit. The assets of USO posted as margin for Oil Futures Contracts are held in segregated accounts pursuant to the CEA and CFTC regulations. If USO enters into a swap agreement, USO must post both collateral and independent amounts to its swap counterparty(ies). The amount of collateral USO posts changes according to the amounts owed by USO to its counterparty on a given swap transaction, while independent amounts are fixed amounts posted by USO at the start of a swap transaction. Collateral and independent amounts posted to swap counterparties will be held by a third-party custodian. The Commodity Interest Markets General The CEA governs the regulation of commodity interest transactions, markets and intermediaries. The CEA provides for varying degrees of regulation of commodity interest transactions depending upon: (1) the type of instrument being traded (e.g., contracts for future delivery, forwards, options, swaps or spot contracts), (2) the type of commodity underlying the instrument (distinctions are made between instruments based on agricultural commodities, energy and metals commodities and financial commodities), (3) the nature of the parties to the transaction (e.g., retail or eligible contract participant), (4) whether the transaction is entered into on a principal-to-principal or intermediated basis, (5) the type of market on which the transaction occurs, and (6) whether the transaction is subject to clearing through a clearing organization. The offer and sale of shares of USO, as well as shares of each Related Public Fund, is registered under the 1933 Act. USO and the Related Public Funds are subject to the requirements of the 1933 Act, the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations adopted thereunder as administered by the SEC. Firms’ participation in the distribution of shares is regulated as described above, as well as by the self-regulatory association, FINRA. Futures Contracts A futures contract is a standardized contract traded on, or subject to the rules of, an exchange that calls for the future delivery of a specified quantity and type of a commodity at a specified time and place. Futures contracts are traded on a wide variety of commodities, including agricultural products, bonds, stock indices, interest rates, currencies, energy and metals. The size and terms of futures contracts on a particular commodity are identical and are not subject to any negotiation, other than with respect to price and the number of contracts traded between the buyer and seller. The contractual obligations of a buyer or seller may generally be satisfied by taking or making physical delivery of the underlying commodity or by making an offsetting sale or purchase of an identical futures contract on the same or linked exchange before the designated date of delivery. The difference between the price at which the futures contract is purchased or sold and the price paid for the offsetting sale or purchase, after allowance for brokerage commissions, constitutes the profit or loss to the trader. Some futures contracts, such as stock index contracts, settle in cash (reflecting the difference between the contract purchase/sale price and the contract settlement price) rather than by delivery of the underlying commodity. 30 Table of Contents In market terminology, a trader who purchases a futures contract is long in the market and a trader who sells a futures contract is short in the market. Before a trader closes out his long or short position by an offsetting sale or purchase, his outstanding contracts are known as open trades or open positions. The aggregate amount of open positions held by traders in a particular contract is referred to as the open interest in such contract. Forward Contracts A forward contract is a contractual obligation to purchase or sell a specified quantity of a commodity at or before a specified date in the future at a specified price and, therefore, is economically similar to a futures contract. Unlike futures contracts, however, forward contracts are typically traded in the OTC markets and are not standardized contracts. Forward contracts for a given commodity are generally available for various amounts and maturities and are subject to individual negotiation between the parties involved. Moreover, generally there is no direct means of offsetting or closing out a forward contract by taking an offsetting position as one would a futures contract on a U.S. exchange. If a trader desires to close out a forward contract position, he generally will establish an opposite position in the contract but will settle and recognize the profit or loss on both positions simultaneously on the delivery date. Thus, unlike in the futures contract market where a trader who has offset positions will recognize profit or loss immediately, in the forward market a trader with a position that has been offset at a profit will generally not receive such profit until the delivery date, and likewise a trader with a position that has been offset at a loss will generally not have to pay money until the delivery date. Nevertheless, in some instances forward contracts now provide a right of offset or cash settlement as an alternative to making or taking delivery of the underlying commodity. In general, the CFTC does not regulate the interbank and forward foreign currency markets with respect to transactions in contracts between certain sophisticated counterparties such as USO or between certain regulated institutions and retail investors. Although U.S. banks are regulated in various ways by the Federal Reserve Board, the Comptroller of the Currency and other U.S. federal and state banking officials, banking authorities do not regulate the forward markets to the same extent that the swap markets are regulated by the CFTC and SEC. Regulation exempts both foreign exchange swaps and foreign exchange forwards from the definition of “swap” and, by extension, certain regulatory requirements applicable to swaps (such as clearing and margin). The exemption does not extend to other foreign exchange derivatives, such as foreign exchange options, currency swaps, and non-deliverable forwards. While the U.S. government does not currently impose any restrictions on the movements of currencies, it could choose to do so. The imposition or relaxation of exchange controls in various jurisdictions could significantly affect the market for that and other jurisdictions’ currencies. Trading in the interbank market also exposes USO to a risk of default since failure of a bank with which USO had entered into a forward contract would likely result in a default and thus possibly substantial losses to USO. Options on Futures Contracts Options on futures contracts are standardized contracts traded on an exchange. An option on a futures contract gives the buyer of the option the right, but not the obligation, to take a position at a specified price (the striking, strike, or exercise price) in the underlying futures contract or underlying interest. The buyer of a call option acquires the right, but not the obligation, to purchase or take a long position in the underlying interest, and the buyer of a put option acquires the right, but not the obligation, to sell or take a short position in the underlying interest. The seller, or writer, of an option is obligated to take a position in the underlying interest at a specified price opposite to the option buyer if the option is exercised. The seller of a call option must stand ready to take a short position in the underlying interest at the strike price if the buyer should exercise the option. The seller of a put option, on the other hand, must stand ready to take a long position in the underlying interest at the strike price. A call option is said to be in-the-money if the strike price is below current market levels and out-of-the-money if the strike price is above current market levels. Conversely, a put option is said to be in-the-money if the strike price is above the current market levels and out-of-the-money if the strike price is below current market levels. 31 Table of Contents Options have limited life spans, usually tied to the delivery or settlement date of the underlying interest. Some options, however, expire significantly in advance of such date. The purchase price of an option is referred to as its premium, which consists of its intrinsic value (which is related to the underlying market value) plus its time value. As an option nears its expiration date, the time value shrinks and the market and intrinsic values move into parity. An option that is out-of-the-money and not offset by the time it expires becomes worthless. On certain exchanges, in-the-money options are automatically exercised on their expiration date, but on others unexercised options simply become worthless after their expiration date. Regardless of how much the market swings, the most an option buyer can lose is the option premium. The option buyer deposits his premium with his broker, and the money goes to the option seller. Option sellers, on the other hand, face risks similar to participants in the futures markets. For example, since the seller of a call option is assigned a short futures position if the option is exercised, his risk is the same as someone who initially sold a futures contract. Because no one can predict exactly how the market will move, the option seller typically posts margin to demonstrate his ability to meet any potential contractual obligations. Options on Forward Contracts or Commodities Options on forward contracts or commodities operate in a manner similar to options on futures contracts. An option on a forward contract or commodity gives the buyer of the option the right, but not the obligation, to take a position at a specified price in the underlying forward contract or commodity. However, unlike options on futures contracts, options on forward contracts or on commodities are individually negotiated contracts between counterparties and are typically traded in the OTC market. Therefore, options on forward contracts and physical commodities possess many of the same characteristics of forward contracts with respect to offsetting positions and credit risk that are described above. Swap Contracts Swap transactions generally involve contracts between two parties to exchange a stream of payments computed by reference to a notional amount and the price of the asset that is the subject of the swap. Swap contracts are principally traded off-exchange, although certain swap contracts are also being traded in electronic trading facilities and cleared through clearing organizations. Swaps are usually entered into on a net basis, that is, the two payment streams are netted out in a cash settlement on the payment date or dates specified in the agreement, with the parties receiving or paying, as the case may be, only the net amount of the two payments. Swaps do not generally involve the delivery of underlying assets or principal. Accordingly, the risk of loss with respect to swaps is generally limited to the net amount of payments that the party is contractually obligated to make. In some swap transactions one or both parties may require collateral deposits from the counterparty to support that counterparty’s obligation under the swap agreement. If the counterparty to such a swap defaults, the risk of loss consists of the net amount of payments that the party is contractually entitled to receive less any collateral deposits it is holding. Some swap transactions are cleared through central counterparties. “Clearing” refers to the process by which a trade that is bilaterally executed by two parties is submitted to a central clearing counterparty, via a clearing member (i.e., an FCM), and replaced by two mirror swaps, with the central clearing counterparty becoming the counterparty to both of the initial parties to the swap. These transactions, known as cleared swaps, involve two counterparties first agreeing to the terms of a swap transaction, then submitting the transaction to a clearing house that acts as the central counterparty. Once accepted by the clearing house, the original swap transaction is terminated and replaced by two mirror trades for which the central counterparty becomes the counterparty to each of the original parties based upon the trade terms determined in the original transaction. In this manner each individual swap counterparty reduces its risk of loss due to counterparty nonperformance because the clearing house acts as the counterparty to each transaction. Commodities Regulation Futures exchanges in the United States are subject to varying degrees of regulation under the CEA depending on whether such exchange is a designated contract market, exempt board of trade or electronic trading facility. Clearing organizations are also subject to the CEA and the rules and regulations adopted thereunder and administered by the CFTC. The CFTC is the governmental agency charged with responsibility for regulation of futures exchanges and commodity interest trading. The CFTC’s function is to implement the CEA’s objectives of preventing price manipulation and excessive speculation and promoting orderly and efficient commodity interest markets. In addition, the various exchanges and clearing organizations themselves exercise regulatory and supervisory authority over their member firms. 32 Table of Contents The CFTC also regulates the activities of “commodity trading advisors” and “commodity pool operators” and the CFTC has adopted regulations with respect to certain of such persons’ activities. Pursuant to its authority, the CFTC requires a CPO, such as USCF, to keep accurate, current and orderly records with respect to each pool it operates. The CFTC may suspend, modify or terminate the registration of any registrant for failure to comply with CFTC rules or regulations. Suspension, restriction or termination of USCF’s registration as a CPO would prevent it, until such time (if any) as such registration were to be reinstated, from managing, and might result in the termination of, USO or the Related Public Funds. Under certain circumstances, the CEA grants shareholders the right to institute a reparations proceeding before the CFTC against USCF (as a registered commodity pool operator), as well as those of their respective employees who are required to be registered under the CEA. Shareholders may also be able to maintain a private right of action for certain violations of the CEA. Pursuant to authority in the CEA, the NFA has been formed and registered with the CFTC as a registered futures association. The NFA is the only self-regulatory association for commodities professionals other than the exchanges. As such, the NFA promulgates rules governing the conduct of commodity professionals and disciplines those professionals that do not comply with such standards. The CFTC has delegated to the NFA responsibility for the registration of commodity pool operators. USCF is a member of the NFA. As a member of the NFA, USCF is subject to NFA standards relating to fair trade practices, financial condition, and consumer protection. The CEA requires all FCMs, i.e., USO’s clearing brokers, to meet and maintain specified fitness and financial requirements, to segregate customer funds from proprietary funds and account separately for all customers’ funds and positions, and to maintain specified books and records open to inspection by the staff of the CFTC. The CFTC has similar authority over introducing brokers, or persons who solicit or accept orders for commodity interest trades but who do not accept margin deposits for the execution of trades. The CEA authorizes the CFTC to regulate trading by FCMs and by their officers and directors, permits the CFTC to require action by exchanges in the event of market emergencies, and establishes an administrative procedure under which customers may institute complaints for damages arising from alleged violations of the CEA. The regulations of the CFTC and the NFA prohibit any representation by a person registered with the CFTC or by any member of the NFA, that registration with the CFTC, or membership in the NFA, in any respect indicates that the CFTC or the NFA, as the case may be, has approved or endorsed that person or that person’s trading program or objectives. The registrations and memberships of the parties described in this summary must not be considered as constituting any such approval or endorsement. Likewise, no futures exchange has given or will give any similar approval or endorsement. CFTC regulations require enhanced customer protections, risk management programs, internal monitoring and controls, capital and liquidity standards, customer disclosures and auditing and examination programs for FCMs. These regulations are intended to afford greater assurances to market participants that customer segregated funds and secured amounts are protected, customers are provided with appropriate notice of the risks of futures trading and of the FCMs with which they may choose to do business, FCMs are monitoring and managing risks in a robust manner, the capital and liquidity of FCMs are strengthened to safeguard the continued operations, and the auditing and examination programs of the CFTC and the self-regulatory organizations are monitoring the activities of FCMs in a thorough manner. USO’s investors are afforded prescribed rights for reparations under the CEA against USCF (as a registered commodity pool operator), as well as its respective employees who are required to be registered under the CEA. Investors may also be able to maintain a private right of action for violations of the CEA. The CFTC has adopted rules implementing the reparation provisions of the CEA, which provide that any person may file a complaint for a reparations award with the CFTC for violation of the CEA against a floor broker or an FCM, introducing broker, commodity trading advisor, CPO, and their respective associated persons. The regulation of commodity interest trading in the United States and other countries is an evolving area of the law. Below are discussed several key regulatory items that are relevant to USO. The various statements made in this summary are subject to modification by legislative action and changes in the rules and regulations of the CFTC, the NFA, the futures exchanges, clearing organizations and other regulatory bodies. In addition, with regard to any other rules that the CFTC or SEC may adopt in the future, the effect of any such regulatory changes on USO is impossible to predict, but it could be substantial and adverse. Futures Contracts and Position Limits The Position Limits Rule establishes federal position limits for 25 core referenced futures contracts (comprised of agricultural, energy and metals futures contracts), futures and options linked to the core referenced futures contracts, and swaps that are economically equivalent to the core referenced futures contracts that all market participants must comply with, with certain exemptions. 33 Table of Contents The Benchmark Oil Futures Contract is subject to position limits under the Position Limits Rule, and USO’s trading does not qualify for an exemption therefrom. Accordingly, the Position Limits Rule could limit USO’s ability to invest in the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract and thereby could negatively impact the ability of USO to meet its investment objective. Margin Requirements Futures and Cleared Swaps Original or initial margin is the minimum amount of funds that must be deposited by a commodity interest trader with the trader’s broker to initiate and maintain an open position in futures contracts. Maintenance margin is the amount (generally less than the original margin) to which a trader’s account may decline before he must deliver additional margin. A margin deposit is like a cash performance bond. It helps assure the trader’s performance of the futures contracts that he or she purchases or sells. Futures contracts are customarily bought and sold on initial margin that represents a very small percentage (ranging upward from 5%) of the aggregate purchase or sales price of the contract. Because of such low margin requirements, price fluctuations occurring in the futures markets may create profits and losses that, in relation to the amount invested, are greater than are customary in other forms of investment or speculation. As discussed below, adverse price changes in the futures contract may result in margin requirements that greatly exceed the initial margin. In addition, the amount of margin required in connection with a particular futures contract is set from time to time by the exchange on which the contract is traded and may be modified from time to time by the exchange during the term of the contract. Brokerage firms, such as USO’s clearing brokers, carrying accounts for traders in commodity interest contracts may not accept lower, and generally require higher, amounts of margin as a matter of policy to further protect themselves. The clearing brokers require USO to make margin deposits equal to exchange minimum levels for all commodity interest contracts. This requirement may be altered from time to time in the clearing brokers’ discretion. Margin requirements are computed each day by the relevant clearing organization and a trader’s clearing broker. When the market value of a particular open commodity interest position changes to a point where the margin on deposit does not satisfy maintenance margin requirements, a margin call is made by the broker. With respect to trading by USO, USO (and not its investors personally) is subject to margin calls. Finally, many major U.S. exchanges have passed certain cross margining arrangements involving procedures pursuant to which the futures and options positions held in an account would, in the case of some accounts, be aggregated and margin requirements would be assessed on a portfolio basis, measuring the total risk of the combined positions. Options When a trader purchases an option, there is no margin requirement; however, the option premium must be paid in full. When a trader sells an option, on the other hand, he or she may be required to deposit margin in an amount determined by the margin requirements established for the underlying interest and, in addition, an amount substantially equal to the current premium for the option. The margin requirements imposed on the selling of options, although adjusted to reflect the probability that out-of-the-money options will not be exercised, can in fact be higher than those imposed in dealing in the futures markets directly. Complicated margin requirements apply to spreads and conversions, which are complex trading strategies in which a trader acquires a mixture of options positions and positions in the underlying interest. OTC Swaps Rules put in place by U.S. federal banking regulators, the CFTC and the SEC require the daily exchange of variation margin and initial margin for swaps between swap dealers, major swap participants, security-based swap dealers, and major security-based swap participants (“Swap Entities”) and swaps between Swap Entities and their counterparties that are “financial end-users” (such rules, the “Margin Rules”). The Margin Rules require Swap Entities to exchange variation margin with all of their counterparties who are financial end-users. The minimum variation margin amount is the daily mark-to-market change in the value of the swap, taking into account the amount of variation margin previously posted or collected. Swap Entities are required to exchange initial margin with their financial end-users who have “material swaps exposure” (i.e., an average daily aggregate notional of $8 billion or more in non-cleared swaps calculated in accordance with the Margin Rules). The Margin Rules specify the types of collateral that may be posted or collected as initial margin or variation margin (generally cash, certain government, government-sponsored enterprise securities, certain liquid debt, certain equity securities, certain eligible publicly traded debt, and gold) and sets forth haircuts for certain collateral asset classes. 34 Table of Contents USO is not a Swap Entity under the Margin Rules, but is a financial end-user. Accordingly, USO will be subject to the variation margin requirements of the Margin Rules for any swaps that it enters into. However, USO does not have “material swaps exposure” and, accordingly, will not be subject to the initial margin requirements of the Margin Rules. Mandatory Trading and Clearing of Swaps CFTC regulations require that certain swap transactions be executed on organized exchanges or “swap execution facilities” and cleared through regulated clearing organizations (“derivative clearing organizations” (“DCOs”)), if the CFTC mandates the central clearing of a particular class of swap and such swap is “made available to trade” on a swap execution facility. Currently, swap dealers, major swap participants, commodity pools, certain private funds and entities predominantly engaged in activities that are financial in nature are required to execute on a swap execution facility, and clear, certain interest rate swaps and index-based credit default swaps. As a result, if a Trust enters into an interest rate or index-based credit default swap that is subject to these requirements, such swap will be required to be executed on a swap execution facility and centrally cleared. Mandatory clearing and “made available to trade” determinations with respect to additional types of swaps may be issued in the future, and, when finalized, could require USO to electronically execute and centrally clear certain OTC instruments presently entered into and settled on a bi-lateral basis. If a swap is required to be cleared, initial and variation margin requirements are set by the relevant clearing organization, subject to certain regulatory requirements and guidelines. Additional margin may be required and held by USO’s FCM. Other Requirements for Swaps Swaps that are not required to be cleared and executed on a SEF but that are executed bilaterally are also subject to various requirements pursuant to CFTC regulations, including, among other things, reporting and recordkeeping requirements and, depending on the status of the counterparties, trading documentation requirements and dispute resolution requirements. Derivatives Regulations in Non-U.S. Jurisdictions In addition to U.S. laws and regulations, USO may be subject to non-U.S. derivatives laws and regulations if it engages in futures and/or swap transactions with non-U.S. persons. For example, USO may be impacted by European laws and regulations to the extent that it engages in futures transactions on European exchanges or derivatives transactions with European entities. Other jurisdictions impose requirements applicable to futures and derivatives that are similar to those imposed by the U.S., including position limits, margin, clearing and trade execution requirements. The CFTC is generally prohibited by statute from regulating trading on non-U.S. futures exchanges and markets. The CFTC, however, has adopted regulations relating to the marketing of non-U.S. futures contracts in the United States. These regulations permit certain contracts on non-U.S. exchanges to be offered and sold in the United States. SEC Reports USO makes available, free of charge, on its website, its annual reports on Form 10-K, its quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, its current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to these reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after these forms are filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. These reports are also available from the SEC through its website at: www.sec.gov. CFTC Reports USO also makes available its monthly reports and its annual reports required to be prepared and filed with the NFA under the CFTC regulations. 35 Table of Contents Intellectual Property USCF owns trademark registrations for UNITED STATES OIL FUND (U.S. Reg. No. 3240929) for “Investment services in the field of oil futures contracts and other oil interests,” in use since April 30, 2006, and USO UNITED STATES OIL FUND, LP (and Flame Design) (U.S. Reg. No. 4440928) for “Financial investment services in the field of oil futures contracts, cash-settled options on oil futures contracts, forward contracts for oil, over-the-counter transactions based on the price of oil, and indices based on the foregoing,” in use since September 30, 2012. USCF relies upon these trademarks through which it markets its services and strives to build and maintain brand recognition in the market and among current and potential investors. So long as USCF continues to use these trademarks to identify its services, without challenge from any third party, and properly maintains and renews the trademark registrations under applicable laws, rules and regulations, it will continue to have indefinite protection for these trademarks under current laws, rules and regulations. USCF owns trademark registrations for USCF (and Design) (U.S. Reg. No. 5127374) for “Fund investment services,” in use since April 10, 2016, USCF (U.S. Reg No. 5040755) for “Fund investment services,” in use since June 24, 2008, and INVEST IN WHAT’S REAL (U.S. Reg. No. 5450808) for “Fund investment services,” in use since April 2016. USCF relies upon these trademarks and service mark through which it markets its services and strives to build and maintain brand recognition in the market and among current and potential investors. So long as USCF continues to use these trademarks to identify its services, without challenge from any third party, and properly maintains and renews the trademark registrations under applicable laws, rules and regulations; it will continue to have indefinite protection for these trademarks under current laws, rules and regulations. USCF has been granted two patents Nos. 7,739,186 and 8,019,675, for systems and methods for an exchange traded fund (ETF) that tracks the price of one or more commodities. Item 1A.

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
Components of Cash, Cash Equivalents and Equity in Trading Accounts: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Cash and cash equivalents ​ $ 651,873,522 ​ $ 727,450,000 ​ $ 952,408,574 Equity in Trading Accounts: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Cash and cash equivalents ​ 241,747,983 ​ 280,259,886 ​ 511,287,941 Total Cash, Cash Equivalents and Equity in Trading Accounts ​ $ 893,621,505 ​ $ 1,007,709,886 ​ $ 1,463,696,515 ​ See accompanying notes to financial statements. ​ 89 Table of Contents United States Oil Fund, LP Notes to Financial Statements For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 NOTE 1 — ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS The United States Oil Fund, LP (“USO”) was organized as a limited partnership under the laws of the state of Delaware on May 12, 2005. USO is a commodity pool that issues limited partnership interests (“shares”) that are traded on the NYSE Arca, Inc. (the “NYSE Arca”). Prior to November 25, 2008, USO’s shares traded on the American Stock Exchange (the “AMEX”). USO will continue in perpetuity, unless terminated sooner upon the occurrence of one or more events as described in its Seventh Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership dated as of December 15, 2017 (the “LP Agreement”), which grants full management control to its general partner, United States Commodity Funds LLC (“USCF”). The investment objective of USO is for the daily changes in percentage terms of its shares’ per share net asset value (“NAV”) to reflect the daily changes in percentage terms of the spot price of light, sweet crude oil delivered to Cushing, Oklahoma, as measured by the daily changes in the price of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract, plus interest earned on USO’s collateral holdings, less USO’s expenses. The Benchmark Oil Futures Contract is the futures contract for light, sweet crude oil as traded on the New York Mercantile Exchange (the “NYMEX”) that is the near month contract to expire and changes, over a five-day period, into the NYMEX futures contract that is the next month to expire. The change from the near month contract to the next month contract occurs at the beginning of each month and will be approximately proportional, relative to total net assets, over each day of the five-day roll period. USO seeks to achieve its investment objective by investing so that the average daily percentage change in USO’s NAV for any period of 30 successive valuation days will be within plus/minus ten percent (10)% of the average daily percentage change in the price of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract over the same period. As a result, investors should be aware that USO would meet its investment objective even if there are significant deviations between changes in its daily NAV and changes in the daily price of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract provided that the average daily percentage change in USO’s NAV over 30 successive valuation days is within plus/minus ten percent (10%) of the average daily percentage change in the price of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract over the same period. USO seeks to achieve its investment objective by investing primarily in futures contracts for light, sweet crude oil and other types of crude oil, diesel-heating oil, gasoline, natural gas and other petroleum-based fuels that are traded on the NYMEX, ICE Futures or other U.S. and foreign exchanges (collectively, “Oil Futures Contracts”) and to a lesser extent, in order to comply with regulatory requirements, risk mitigation measures (including those that may be taken by USO, USO’s futures commission merchants (“FCMs”), counterparties or other market participants), liquidity requirements, or in view of market conditions, other oil-related investments such as cash-settled options on Oil Futures Contracts, forward contracts for oil, cleared swap contracts and over-the-counter (“OTC”) transactions that are based on the price of crude oil, diesel-heating oil, gasoline, natural gas and other petroleum-based fuels, Oil Futures Contracts and indices based on the foregoing (collectively, “Other Oil-Related Investments”). As of December 31, 2025, USO held 13,180 Oil Futures Contracts for light, sweet crude oil traded on the NYMEX and did not hold any Oil Futures Contracts for light, sweet crude oil traded on the ICE Futures Europe. Following the significant market volatility that occurred in the Spring of 2020 and the market conditions, regulatory requirements and risk mitigation measures taken by USO and USO’s FCM that impacted USO as a result thereof, USO disclosed its parameters for making decisions regarding the permitted investments USO would hold, including the intended order of priority in selecting investments and the type of investments to be held in its portfolio. Beginning with the monthly roll in September 2023 and ending with the monthly roll in January 2024, USO transitioned its investment portfolio to primarily invest in the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract, consistent with USO’s investment strategy prior to the Spring of 2020. However, USO has had, and will continue to have, the ability to invest in Oil Futures Contracts beyond the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract and Other Oil-Related Investments, such as OTC swaps, and USO may make such investments if market conditions, (including but not limited to those allowing USO to obtain greater liquidity (i.e., liquidity requirements) or to execute transactions with more favorable pricing), regulatory requirements (including, but not limited to, exchange accountability levels and position limits imposed by NYMEX as well as statutory or regulatory limits), risk mitigation measures (including those that may be taken by USO, USO’s FCMs, counterparties or other market participants), or other factors require USO to do so in order to meet its investment objective. USO may invest in Oil Futures Contracts beyond the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract, and/or Other Oil-Related Investments, as a result of, or in response to, any of the foregoing factors. In addition, USO may need to hold significant portions of its portfolio in cash beyond what it has historically held for reasons including (but not limited to) the need to address changes in market conditions, regulatory requirements or risk mitigation measures or the need to satisfy potential margin requirements. 90 Table of Contents Investors should be aware that USO’s investment objective is not for its NAV or market price of shares to equal, in dollar terms, the spot price of light, sweet crude oil or any particular futures contract based on light, sweet crude oil, nor is USO’s investment objective for the percentage change in its NAV to reflect the percentage change of the price of any particular futures contract as measured over a time period greater than one day. This is because natural market forces called contango and backwardation have impacted, and may in the future impact, the total return on an investment in USO’s shares relative to a hypothetical direct investment in crude oil and, in the future, it is likely that the relationship between the market price of USO’s shares and changes in the spot prices of light, sweet crude oil will continue to be impacted by contango and backwardation. While USO’s shares may be impacted by contango and backwardation, the potential costs associated with physically owning and storing crude oil, could be substantial. USCF believes that it is not practical to manage the portfolio to achieve the foregoing investment objective when investing in Oil Futures Contracts (as defined below) and Other Oil-Related Investments (as defined below). USO commenced investment operations on April 10, 2006 and has a fiscal year ending on December 31. USCF is responsible for the management of USO. USCF is a member of the National Futures Association (the “NFA”) and became registered as a commodity pool operator (“CPO”) with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the “CFTC”) effective December 1, 2005 and a swaps firm on August 8, 2013. USCF is also the general partner of the United States Natural Gas Fund, LP (“UNG”), the United States 12 Month Oil Fund, LP (“USL”), the United States Gasoline Fund, LP (“UGA”), the United States 12 Month Natural Gas Fund, LP (“UNL”) and the United States Brent Oil Fund, LP (“BNO”). USCF is also the sponsor of the United States Commodity Index Funds Trust (“USCIFT”), a Delaware statutory trust and each of its series: the United States Commodity Index Fund (“USCI”) and the United States Copper Index Fund (“CPER”). UNG, UGA, UNL, USL, BNO, USCI and CPER are referred to collectively herein as the “Related Public Funds.” USO issues shares to certain authorized purchasers (“Authorized Participants”) by offering baskets consisting of 100,000 shares (“Creation Baskets”) through ALPS Distributors, Inc., as the marketing agent (the “Marketing Agent”). The purchase price for a Creation Basket is based upon the NAV of a share calculated shortly after the close of the core trading session on the NYSE Arca on the day the order to create the basket is properly received. Authorized Participants pay USO a transaction fee of $ 1,000 for each order they place to create one or more Creation Baskets or to redeem one or more baskets (“Redemption Baskets”), consisting of 100,000 shares. Effective January 1, 2026 the transaction fee amount paid by Authorized Participants to create or redeem one or more Creation Baskets or Redemption Baskets was be reduced from $ 1,000 per order to $ 350 per order. Shares may be purchased or sold on a nationally recognized securities exchange in smaller increments than a Creation Basket or Redemption Basket. Shares purchased or sold on a nationally recognized securities exchange are not purchased or sold at the per share NAV of USO but rather at market prices quoted on such exchange. In April 2006, USO initially registered 17,000,000 shares on Form S-1 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). On April 10, 2006, USO listed its shares on the AMEX under the ticker symbol “USO” and switched to trading on the NYSE Arca under the same ticker symbol on November 25, 2008. On that day, USO established its initial per share NAV by setting the price at $ 67.39 and issued 200,000 shares in exchange for $ 13,479,000 . USO also commenced investment operations on April 10, 2006, by purchasing Oil Futures Contracts traded on the NYMEX based on light, sweet crude oil. USO has an unlimited number of shares available for issuance. On August 29, 2023, the SEC declared effective a registration statement filed by USO that registered an unlimited number of shares. As a result, USO has an unlimited number of shares that can be issued in the form of Creation Baskets. ​ NOTE 2 — SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Basis of Presentation The financial statements have been prepared in conformity with U.S. GAAP as detailed in the Financial Accounting Standards Board’s (“FASB”) Accounting Standards Codification. USO is an investment company for accounting purposes and follows the accounting and reporting guidance in FASB Topic 946. Revenue Recognition Commodity futures contracts, swap and forward contracts, physical commodities and related options are recorded on the trade date. All such transactions are recorded on the identified cost basis and marked to market daily. Unrealized gains or losses on open contracts are 91 Table of Contents reflected in the statements of financial condition and represent the difference between the original contract amount and the market value (as determined by exchange settlement prices for futures contracts and related options and cash dealer prices at a predetermined time for swap and forward contracts, physical commodities, and their related options) as of the last business day of the year or as of the last date of the financial statements. Changes in the unrealized gains or losses between periods are reflected in the statements of operations. USO earns income on funds held at the custodian or FCMs at prevailing market rates earned on such investments. Income Taxes USO is not subject to federal income taxes; each partner reports his/her allocable share of income, gain, loss, deductions or credits on his/her own income tax return. In accordance with U.S. GAAP, USO is required to determine whether a tax position is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by the applicable taxing authority, including resolution of any tax related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position. USO files an income tax return in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and may file income tax returns in various U.S. states. USO is not subject to income tax return examinations by major taxing authorities for years before 2021. The tax benefit recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. De-recognition of a tax benefit previously recognized results in USO recording a tax liability that reduces net assets. However, USO’s conclusions regarding this policy may be subject to review and adjustment at a later date based on factors including, but not limited to, on-going analysis of and changes to tax laws, regulations and interpretations thereof. USO recognizes interest accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax fees payable, if assessed. No interest expense or penalties have been recognized as of and for the year ended December 31, 2025. Creations and Redemptions Authorized Participants may purchase Creation Baskets or redeem Redemption Baskets only in blocks of 100,000 shares at a price equal to the NAV of the shares calculated shortly after the close of the core trading session on the NYSE Arca on the day the order is placed. USO receives or pays the proceeds from shares sold or redeemed within two business days after the trade date of the purchase or redemption. The amounts due from Authorized Participants are reflected in USO’s statements of financial condition as receivable for shares sold and amounts payable to Authorized Participants upon redemption are reflected as payable for shares redeemed. Authorized Participants pay USO a $ 1,000 transaction fee for each order placed to create one or more Creation Baskets or to redeem one or more Redemption Baskets. Effective January 1, 2026 the transaction fee amount paid by Authorized Participants to create or redeem one or more Creation Baskets or Redemption Baskets was reduced from $ 1,000 per order to $ 350 per order. Partnership Capital and Allocation of Partnership Income and Losses Profit or loss shall be allocated among the partners of USO in proportion to the weighted-average number of shares each partner holds as of the close of each month. USCF may revise, alter or otherwise modify this method of allocation as described in the LP Agreement. Calculation of Per Share NAV USO’s per share NAV is calculated on each NYSE Arca trading day by taking the current market value of its total assets, subtracting any liabilities and dividing that amount by the total number of shares outstanding. USO uses the closing price for the contracts on the relevant exchange on that day to determine the value of contracts held on such exchange. Net Income (Loss) Per Share Net income (loss) per share is the difference between the per share NAV at the beginning of each period and at the end of each period. The weighted average number of shares outstanding was computed for purposes of disclosing net income (loss) per weighted average share. The weighted average shares are equal to the number of shares outstanding at the end of the period, adjusted proportionately for shares added and redeemed based on the amount of time the shares were outstanding during such period. There were no shares held by USCF at December 31, 2025. 92 Table of Contents Cash Equivalents Cash equivalents include money market funds and overnight deposits or time deposits with original maturity dates of three months or less. Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires USCF to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of the revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results may differ from those estimates and assumptions. ​ Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncement USO adopted FASB Accounting Standards Update 2023-07, Segment Reporting (Topic 280) - Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures (“ASU 2023-07”). USO operates in one segment. The segment derives its revenues from investments made in accordance with the defined investment strategy of USO, as prescribed in USO’s prospectus. The Chief Operating Decision Maker (“CODM”) is the Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) of the general partner, USCF. The CODM monitors the operating results of the Fund as part of making decisions for allocating resources and evaluating performance. ​ NOTE 3 — FEES PAID BY THE FUND AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS USCF Management Fee Under the LP Agreement, USCF is responsible for investing the assets of USO in accordance with the objectives and policies of USO. In addition, USCF has arranged for one or more third parties to provide administrative, custody, accounting, transfer agency and other necessary services to USO. For these services, USO is contractually obligated to pay USCF a fee, which is paid monthly, equal to 0.45 % per annum of average daily total net assets. Ongoing Registration Fees and Other Offering Expenses USO pays all costs and expenses associated with the ongoing registration of its shares subsequent to the initial offering. These costs include registration or other fees paid to regulatory agencies in connection with the offer and sale of shares, and all legal, accounting, printing and other expenses associated with such offer and sale. For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, USO did no t incur in registration fees and other offering expenses. Independent Directors’ and Officers’ Expenses USO is responsible for paying its portion of the directors’ and officers’ liability insurance for USO and the Related Public Funds and the fees and expenses of the independent directors who also serve as audit committee members of USO and the Related Public Funds. USO shares the fees and expenses on a pro rata basis with each Related Public Fund, as described above, based on the relative assets of each Related Public Fund computed on a daily basis. These fees and expenses for the year ending December 31, 2025 were a total of $ 338,042 for USO and, in the aggregate for USO and the Related Public Funds, $ 754,349 . For the year ended December 31, 2024 these fees and expenses were $ 426,465 for USO and, in the aggregate for USO and the Related Public Funds, $ 916,574 For the year ended December 31, 2023, these fees and expenses were $ 723,121 for USO and, in the aggregate for USO and Related Public Funds, $ 1,210,000 . Licensing Fees As discussed in Note 4 below, USO entered into a licensing agreement with the NYMEX on April 10, 2006, as amended on October 20, 2011. Pursuant to the agreement, USO and the Related Public Funds, other than BNO, USCI and CPER, pay a licensing fee that is equal to 0.015 % on all net assets. During the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, USO incurred $ 146,967 , $ 197,428 , and $ 237,942 , respectively under this arrangement. 93 Table of Contents Investor Tax Reporting Cost The fees and expenses associated with USO’s audit expenses and tax accounting and reporting requirements are paid by USO. These costs were $ 2,071,000 for the year ending December 31, 2025. For the years ending December 31, 2024 and 2023 USO’s investor reporting costs were $ 2,540,054 and $ 2,115,461 , respectively. Tax reporting costs fluctuate between years due to the number of shareholders during any given year. Other Expenses and Fees In addition to the fees described above, USO pays all brokerage fees and other expenses in connection with the operation of USO, excluding costs and expenses paid by USCF as outlined in Note 4 – Contracts and Agreements below. ​ NOTE 4 — CONTRACTS AND AGREEMENTS Marketing Agent Agreement USO is party to a marketing agent agreement, dated as of March 13, 2006, as amended from time to time, with the Marketing Agent and USCF, whereby the Marketing Agent provides certain marketing services for USO as outlined in the agreement. The agreement with the Marketing Agent was amended and, commencing October 1, 2022, the fee of the Marketing Agent, which is calculated daily and payable monthly by USCF, is equal to 0.025 % of USO’s total net assets. In no event may the aggregate compensation paid to the Marketing Agent and any affiliate of USCF for distribution-related services exceed 10 % of the gross proceeds of USO’s offering. The above fee does not include website construction and development, which are also borne by USCF. Custody, Transfer Agency and Fund Administration and Accounting Services Agreements USCF engaged The Bank of New York Mellon, a New York corporation authorized to conduct a banking business (“BNY Mellon”), to provide USO and each of the Related Public Funds with certain custodial, administrative and accounting, and transfer agency services, pursuant to the following agreements with BNY Mellon dated as of March 20, 2020 (together, the “BNY Mellon Agreements”), which were effective as of April 1, 2020: (i) a Custody Agreement; (ii) a Fund Administration and Accounting Agreement; and (iii) a Transfer Agency and Service Agreement. USCF pays the fees of BNY Mellon for its services under the BNY Mellon Agreements and such fees are determined by the parties from time to time. Brokerage and Futures Commission Merchant Agreements USO entered into a brokerage agreement with RBC Capital Markets LLC (“RBC”) to serve as USO’s FCM effective October 10, 2013. USO has engaged each of Marex North America, LLC, formerly RCG Division of Marex Spectron (“MNA”), Marex Capital Markets, Inc., formerly E D & F Man Capital Markets Inc. (“MCM”), Macquarie Futures USA LLC (“MFUSA”), and ADM Investor Services, Inc. (“ADMIS”) to serve as additional FCMs to USO effective on May 28, 2020, June 5, 2020, December 3, 2020, and August 8, 2023, respectively. The agreements with USO’s FCMs require the FCMs to provide services to USO in connection with the purchase and sale of Oil Futures Contracts and Other Oil-Related Investments that may be purchased and sold by or through the applicable FCM for USO’s account. In accordance with the FCM agreements, USO pays each FCM commissions of approximately $ 7 to $ 8 per round-turn trade, including applicable exchange, clearing and NFA fees for Oil Futures Contracts and options on Oil Futures Contracts. Such fees include those incurred when purchasing Oil Futures Contracts and options on Oil Futures Contracts when USO issues shares as a result of a Creation Basket, as well as fees incurred when selling Oil Futures Contracts and options on Oil Futures Contracts when USO redeems shares as a result of a Redemption Basket. Such fees are also incurred when Oil Futures Contracts and options on Oil Futures Contracts are purchased or redeemed for the purpose of rebalancing the portfolio. USO also incurs commissions to brokers for the purchase and sale of Oil Futures Contracts, Other Oil-Related Investments or short-term obligations of the United States of two years or less (“Treasuries”). ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Year ended ​ ​ ​ Year ended ​ ​ ​ Year ended ​ ​ ​ ​ December 31, 2025 ​ December 31, 2024 ​ December 31, 2023 Total commissions accrued to brokers ​ $ 1,491,084 ​ $ 1,528,286 ​ $ 860,102 ​ Total commissions as annualized percentage of average total net assets ​ 0.15 % 0.12 % 0.05 % ​ 94 Table of Contents The decrease in total commissions accrued to brokers for the year ended December 31, 2025, compared to the year ended December 31, 2024, was due primarily to the number of crude oil futures contracts being held and traded. Swap Dealer Agreements USO entered into ISDA 2002 Master Agreements with (1) Macquarie Bank Limited on November 30, 2021 (the “Macquarie ISDA”), (2) Société Générale on June 13, 2022 (the “Société Générale ISDA”), and (3) The Bank of Nova Scotia on August 5, 2024 (the “ScotiaBank ISDA”), pursuant to which each of Macquarie Bank Limited, Société Générale and The Bank of Nova Scotia has agreed to serve as an over-the-counter (“OTC”) swap counterparty for USO. The Macquarie ISDA, the Société Générale ISDA and the ScotiaBank ISDA (together, the “ISDA Agreements”), each provide USO with the ability to invest in OTC swaps in furtherance of USO’s investment objective by providing it with investment flexibility in light of market conditions, liquidity, regulatory requirements, and risk diversification. USO may enter into OTC swap transactions under each of the ISDA Agreements in light of the foregoing. Any OTC swap transactions of USO that are outstanding under any ISDA Agreement, along with USO’s other holdings, are posted on USO’s webpage, www.uscfinvestments.com. In accordance with each of the swap agreements described above, USO pays each swap dealer a flat fee in a range between 0.20 % and 0.30 % on the daily notional value of each OTC swap transaction. NYMEX Licensing Agreement USO and the NYMEX entered into a licensing agreement on April 10, 2006, as amended on October 20, 2011, whereby USO was granted a non-exclusive license to use certain of the NYMEX’s settlement prices and service marks. Under the licensing agreement, USO and the Related Public Funds, other than BNO, USCI, and CPER, pay the NYMEX an asset-based fee for the license, the terms of which are described in Note 3. USO expressly disclaims any association with the NYMEX or endorsement of USO by the NYMEX and acknowledges that “NYMEX” and “New York Mercantile Exchange” are registered trademarks of the NYMEX. ​ NOTE 5 — FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS, OFF-BALANCE SHEET RISKS AND CONTINGENCIES USO may engage in the trading of futures contracts, options on futures contracts, cleared swaps and OTC swaps (collectively, “derivatives”). USO is exposed to both market risk, which is the risk arising from changes in the market value of the contracts, and credit risk, which is the risk of failure by another party to perform according to the terms of a contract. USO may enter into futures contracts, options on futures contracts, cleared swaps, and OTC swaps to gain exposure to changes in the value of an underlying commodity. A futures contract obligates the seller to deliver (and the purchaser to accept) the future delivery of a specified quantity and type of a commodity at a specified time and place. Some futures contracts may call for physical delivery of the asset, while others are settled in cash. The contractual obligations of a buyer or seller may generally be satisfied by taking or making physical delivery of the underlying commodity or by making an offsetting sale or purchase of an identical futures contract on the same or linked exchange before the designated date of delivery. Cleared swaps are agreements that are eligible to be cleared by a clearinghouse, e.g., ICE Clear Europe, and provide the efficiencies and benefits that centralized clearing on an exchange offers to traders of futures contracts, including credit risk intermediation and the ability to offset positions initiated with different counterparties. OTC swaps are entered into between two parties in private contracts. In an OTC swap, each party bears credit risk to the other party, i.e., the risk that the other party may not be able to perform its obligations under the OTC swap. The purchase and sale of futures contracts, options on futures contracts and cleared swaps require margin deposits with an FCM. Additional deposits may be necessary for any loss on contract value. The Commodity Exchange Act requires FCMs to segregate all customer transactions and assets from the FCM’s proprietary transactions and assets. To reduce the credit risk that arises in connection with OTC swaps, USO will generally enter into an agreement with each counterparty based on the Master Agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., (“ISDA”) that provides for the netting of its overall exposure to its counterparty and, consistent with applicable regulatory requirements, the posting by each party to cover the mark-to-market exposure of a counterparty to the other counterparty is required. Futures contracts, options on futures contracts and cleared swaps involve, to varying degrees, elements of market risk (specifically commodity price risk) and exposure to loss in excess of the amount of variation margin. The face or contract amounts reflect the extent of the total exposure USO has in the particular classes of instruments. Additional risks associated with the use of futures contracts are an imperfect correlation between movements in the price of the futures contracts and the market value of the underlying securities and the possibility of an illiquid market for a futures contract. Buying and selling options on futures contracts exposes investors to the risks of purchasing or selling futures contracts. 95 Table of Contents As to OTC swaps, valuing OTC derivatives is less certain than valuing actively traded financial instruments such as exchange-traded futures contracts and securities or cleared swaps because, for OTC derivatives, the price and terms on which such OTC derivatives are entered into or can be terminated are individually negotiated, and those prices and terms may not reflect the best price or terms available from other sources. In addition, while market makers and dealers generally quote indicative prices or terms for entering into or terminating OTC contracts, they typically are not contractually obligated to do so, particularly if they are not a party to the transaction. As a result, it may be difficult to obtain an independent value for an outstanding OTC derivatives transaction. Market volatility is attributable to things like the COVID-19 pandemic and related supply chain disruptions, war (such as the Russia-Ukraine war), continuing disputes among oil-producing countries, the introduction of or changes in tariffs or trade barriers, and trade wars between nations. Events such as these, and others, could cause volatility in the future, which may affect the value, pricing and liquidity of some investments or other assets, including those held by or invested in by USO and the impact of which could limit USO’s ability to have a substantial portion of its assets invested in the Futures Contracts and/or Other Oil-Related Investments, such as OTC swaps. All of the futures contracts held by USO through December 31, 2025, were exchange-traded. The risks associated with exchange-traded contracts are generally perceived to be less than those associated with OTC swaps since, in OTC swaps, a party must rely solely on the credit of its respective individual counterparties. USO entered OTC swaps during the period ended December 31, 2025. These OTC swaps are subject to the credit risk associated with counterparty non-performance. The credit risk from counterparty non-performance associated with such instruments is the net unrealized gain, if any, on the transaction. USO also has credit risk to the sole counterparty to all domestic and foreign futures contracts, the clearinghouse for the exchange on which the relevant contracts are traded. In addition, USO bears the risk of financial failure by the clearing broker. USO’s cash and other property, such as Treasuries, deposited with its FCMs are considered commingled with all other customer funds, subject to such FCM’s segregation requirements. In the event of an FCM’s insolvency, recovery may be limited to a pro rata share of segregated funds available. It is possible that the recovered amount could be less than the total of cash and other property deposited. The insolvency of an FCM could result in the complete loss of USO’s assets posted with that FCM; however, the majority of USO’s assets are held in investments in Treasuries, cash and/or cash equivalents with USO’s custodian and would not be impacted by the insolvency of an FCM. The failure or insolvency of USO’s custodian, however, could result in a substantial loss of USO’s assets. USCF invests a portion of USO’s cash in money market funds that seek to maintain a stable per share NAV. USO is exposed to any risk of loss associated with an investment in such money market funds. As of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, USO held investments in money market funds in the amounts of $ 600,000,000 and $ 727,450,000 , respectively. USO also holds cash deposits with its custodian and FCMs. As of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, USO held cash deposits in the amounts of $ 293,621,505 and $ 280,259,886 respectively, with the custodian and FCMs. Some or all of these amounts may be subject to loss should USO’s custodian and/or FCMs cease operations. For derivatives, risks arise from changes in the market value of the contracts. Theoretically, USO is exposed to market risk equal to the value of futures contracts purchased and unlimited liability on such contracts sold short or that the value of the futures contract could fall below zero. As both a buyer and a seller of options, USO pays or receives a premium at the outset and then bears the risk of unfavorable changes in the price of the contract underlying the option. USO’s policy is to continuously monitor its exposure to market and counterparty risk through the use of a variety of financial, position and credit exposure reporting controls and procedures. In addition, USO has a policy of requiring review of the credit standing of each broker or counterparty with which it conducts business. The financial instruments held by USO are reported in its statements of financial condition at market or fair value, or at carrying amounts that approximate fair value, because of their highly liquid nature and short-term maturity. For the year ended December 31, 2025, the monthly average volume of open future and swap contract notional value was $ 770,659,676 and $ 212,113,224 , respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2024, the monthly average volume of open future and swap contract notional value was $ 1,012,496,028 and $ 293,572,184 , respectively. Settlement of SEC and CFTC Investigations On November 8, 2021, USCF and USO announced a resolution with each of the SEC and the CFTC relating to matters set forth in certain Wells Notices issued by the staffs of each of the SEC and CFTC as more fully described below. 96 Table of Contents On August 17, 2020, USCF, USO, and John Love received a “Wells Notice” from the staff of the SEC (the “SEC Wells Notice”). The SEC Wells Notice stated that the SEC staff made a preliminary determination to recommend that the SEC file an enforcement action against USCF, USO, and Mr. Love alleging violations of Sections 17(a)(1) and 17(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “1933 Act”), and Section 10(b) of the 1934 Act, and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. Subsequently, on August 19, 2020, USCF, USO, and Mr. Love received a Wells Notice from the staff of the CFTC (the “CFTC Wells Notice”). The CFTC Wells Notice stated that the CFTC staff made a preliminary determination to recommend that the CFTC file an enforcement action against USCF, USO, and Mr. Love alleging violations of Sections 4o(1)(A) and (B) and 6(c)(1) of the Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended (the “CEA”), 7 U.S.C. §§ 6o(1)(A) and (B) and 9(1) (2018), and CFTC Regulations 4.26, 4.41, and 180.1(a), 17 C.F.R. §§ 4.26, 4.41, 180.1(a) (2019). On November 8, 2021, acting pursuant to an offer of settlement submitted by USCF and USO, the SEC issued an order instituting cease-and-desist proceedings, making findings, and imposing a cease-and-desist order pursuant to Section 8A of the 1933 Act, directing USCF and USO to cease and desist from committing or causing any violations of Section 17(a)(3) of the 1933 Act, 15 U.S.C. § 77q(a)(3) (the “SEC Order”). In the SEC Order, the SEC made findings that, from April 24, 2020 to May 21, 2020, USCF and USO violated Section 17(a)(3) of 1933 Act, which provides that it is “unlawful for any person in the offer or sale of any securities to engage in any transaction, practice, or course of business which operates or would operate as a fraud or deceit upon the purchaser.” USCF and USO consented to entry of the SEC Order without admitting or denying the findings contained therein, except as to jurisdiction. Separately, on November 8, 2021, acting pursuant to an offer of settlement submitted by USCF, the CFTC issued an order instituting cease-and-desist proceedings, making findings, and imposing a cease-and-desist order pursuant to Section 6(c) and (d) of the CEA, directing USCF to cease and desist from committing or causing any violations of Section 4o(1)(B) of the CEA, 7 U.S.C. § 6o(1) (B), and CFTC Regulation 4.41(a)(2), 17 C.F.R. § 4.41(a)(2) (the “CFTC Order”). In the CFTC Order, the CFTC made findings that, from on or about April 22, 2020 to June 12, 2020, USCF violated Section 4o(1)(B) of the CEA and CFTC Regulation 4.41(a)(2), which make it unlawful for any commodity pool operator (“CPO”) to engage in “any transaction, practice, or course of business which operates as a fraud or deceit upon any client or participant or prospective client or participant” and prohibit a CPO from advertising in a manner which “operates as a fraud or deceit upon any client or participant or prospective client or participant,” respectively. USCF consented to entry of the CFTC Order without admitting or denying the findings contained therein, except as to jurisdiction. Pursuant to the SEC Order and the CFTC Order, in addition to the command to cease and desist from committing or causing any violations of Section 17(a)(3) of the 1933 Act, Section 4o(1)(B) of the CEA, and CFTC Regulation 4.14(a)(2), civil monetary penalties totaling two million five hundred thousand dollars ($ 2,500,000 ) in the aggregate were required to be paid to the SEC and CFTC, of which one million two hundred fifty thousand dollars ($ 1,250,000 ) was paid by USCF to each of the SEC and the CFTC, respectively, pursuant to the offsets permitted under the orders. In re: United States Oil Fund, LP Securities Litigation On June 19, 2020, USCF, USO, John P. Love, and Stuart P. Crumbaugh were named as defendants in a putative class action filed by purported shareholder Robert Lucas (the “Lucas Class Action”). The Court thereafter consolidated the Lucas Class Action with two related putative class actions filed on July 31, 2020 and August 13, 2020, and appointed a lead plaintiff. The consolidated class action is pending in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York under the caption In re: United States Oil Fund, LP Securities Litigation , Civil Action No. 1:20-cv-04740. On November 30, 2020, the lead plaintiff filed an amended complaint (the “Amended Lucas Class Complaint”). The Amended Lucas Class Complaint asserts claims under the 1933 Act, the Exchange Act, and Rule 10b-5. The Amended Lucas Class Complaint challenges statements in registration statements that became effective on February 25, 2020 and March 23, 2020 as well as subsequent public statements through April 2020 concerning certain extraordinary market conditions and the attendant risks that caused the demand for oil to fall precipitously, including the COVID-19 global pandemic and the Saudi Arabia-Russia oil price war. The Amended Lucas Class Complaint purports to have been brought by an investor in USO on behalf of a class of similarly-situated shareholders who purchased USO securities between February 25, 2020 and April 28, 2020 and pursuant to the challenged registration statements. The Amended Lucas Class Complaint seeks to certify a class and to award the class compensatory damages at an amount to be determined at trial as well as costs and attorney’s fees. The Amended Lucas Class Complaint named as defendants USCF, USO, John P. Love, Stuart P. Crumbaugh, Nicholas D. Gerber, Andrew F Ngim, Robert L. Nguyen, Peter M. Robinson, Gordon L. Ellis, and Malcolm R. Fobes III, as well as the marketing agent, ALPS Distributors, Inc., and the Authorized Participants: ABN Amro, BNP Paribas Securities Corporation, Citadel Securities LLC, Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., Credit Suisse Securities USA LLC, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Goldman Sachs & Company, J.P. Morgan Securities Inc., Merrill Lynch Professional Clearing Corporation, Morgan Stanley & Company 97 Table of Contents Inc., Nomura Securities International Inc., RBC Capital Markets LLC, SG Americas Securities LLC, UBS Securities LLC, and Virtu Financial BD LLC. The lead plaintiff filed a notice of voluntary dismissal of its claims against BNP Paribas Securities Corporation, Citadel Securities LLC, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Credit Suisse Securities USA LLC, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Morgan Stanley & Company, Inc., Nomura Securities International, Inc., RBC Capital Markets, LLC, SG Americas Securities LLC, and UBS Securities LLC. The remaining defendants in In re: United States Oil Fund, LP Securities Litigation filed a motion to dismiss the claims in January 2021. “On September 29, 2025, the Court granted the defendants’ motion to dismiss the complaint without prejudice and granted plaintiff leave to file a motion to amend its complaint. On November 26, 2025, the plaintiff filed a motion for leave to file a proposed second consolidated amended complaint, which defendants have opposed. The motion remains pending before the Court.” Wang Class Action On July 10, 2020, purported shareholder Momo Wang filed a putative class action complaint, individually and on behalf of others similarly situated, against defendants USO, USCF, John P. Love, Stuart P. Crumbaugh, Nicholas D. Gerber, Andrew F Ngim, Robert L. Nguyen, Peter M. Robinson, Gordon L. Ellis, Malcolm R. Fobes, III, ABN Amro, BNP Paribas Securities Corp., Citadel Securities LLC, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Credit Suisse Securities USA LLC, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Goldman Sachs & Company, JP Morgan Securities Inc., Merrill Lynch Professional Clearing Corp., Morgan Stanley & Company Inc., Nomura Securities International Inc., RBC Capital Markets LLC, SG Americas Securities LLC, UBS Securities LLC, and Virtu Financial BD LLC, in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California as Civil Action No. 3:20-cv-4596 (the “Wang Class Action”). The Wang Class Action asserted federal securities claims under the 1933 Act, challenging disclosures in a March 19, 2020 registration statement. It alleged that the defendants failed to disclose to investors in USO certain extraordinary market conditions and the attendant risks that caused the demand for oil to fall precipitously, including the COVID-19 global pandemic and the Saudi Arabia-Russia oil price war. The Wang Class Action was voluntarily dismissed on August 4, 2020. Mehan Action On August 10, 2020, purported shareholder Darshan Mehan filed a derivative action on behalf of nominal defendant USO, against defendants USCF, John P. Love, Stuart P. Crumbaugh, Nicholas D. Gerber, Andrew F Ngim, Robert L. Nguyen, Peter M. Robinson, Gordon L. Ellis, and Malcolm R. Fobes, III (the “Mehan Action”). The action is pending in the Superior Court of the State of California for the County of Alameda as Case No. RG20070732. The Mehan Action alleges that the defendants breached their fiduciary duties to USO and failed to act in good faith in connection with a March 19, 2020 registration statement and offering and disclosures regarding certain extraordinary market conditions that caused demand for oil to fall precipitously, including the COVID-19 global pandemic and the Saudi Arabia-Russia oil price war. The complaint seeks, on behalf of USO, compensatory damages, restitution, equitable relief, attorney’s fees, and costs. All proceedings in the Mehan Action are stayed pending disposition of the motion(s) to dismiss in In re: United States Oil Fund, LP Securities Litigation . USCF, USO, and the other defendants intend to vigorously contest such claims. In re United States Oil Fund, LP Derivative Litigation On August 27, 2020, purported shareholders Michael Cantrell and AML Pharm. Inc. DBA Golden International filed two separate derivative actions on behalf of nominal defendant USO, against defendants USCF, John P. Love, Stuart P. Crumbaugh, Andrew F Ngim, Gordon L. Ellis, Malcolm R. Fobes, III, Nicholas D. Gerber, Robert L. Nguyen, and Peter M. Robinson in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York at Civil Action No. 1:20-cv-06974 (the “Cantrell Action”) and Civil Action No. 1:20-cv-06981 (the “AML Action”), respectively. The complaints in the Cantrell and AML Actions are nearly identical. They each allege violations of Sections 10(b), 20(a), and 21D of the Exchange Act, Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and common law claims of breach of fiduciary duties, unjust enrichment, abuse of control, gross mismanagement, and waste of corporate assets. These allegations stem from USO’s disclosures and defendants’ alleged actions in light of the extraordinary market conditions in 2020 that caused demand for oil to fall precipitously, including the COVID-19 global pandemic and the Saudi Arabia-Russia oil price war. The complaints seek, on behalf of USO, compensatory damages, restitution, equitable relief, attorney’s fees, and costs. The plaintiffs in the Cantrell and AML Actions have marked their actions as related to the Lucas Class Action. 98 Table of Contents The Court consolidated the Cantrell and AML Actions under the caption In re United States Oil Fund, LP Derivative Litigation , Civil Action No. 1:20-cv-06974 and appointed co-lead counsel. All proceedings in In re United States Oil Fund, LP Derivative Litigation are stayed pending final disposition of the motion(s) to dismiss in In re: United States Oil Fund, LP Securities Litigation . USCF, USO, and the other defendants intend to vigorously contest the claims in In re United States Oil Fund, LP Derivative Litigation . Optimum Strategies Action On April 6, 2022, USO and USCF were named as defendants in an action filed by Optimum Strategies Fund I, LP, a purported investor in call option contracts on USO (the “Optimum Strategies Action”). The action was in the U.S. District Court for the District of Connecticut at Civil Action No. 3:22-cv-00511. The Optimum Strategies Action asserted claims under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “1934 Act”), Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and the Connecticut Uniform Securities Act (“CUSA”). It purported to challenge statements in registration statements that became effective in February 2020, March 2020, and on April 20, 2020, as well as public statements between February 2020 and May 2020, in connection with certain extraordinary market conditions and the attendant risks that caused the demand for oil to fall precipitously, including the COVID-19 global pandemic and the Saudi Arabia-Russia oil price war. The complaint was seeking damages, interest, costs, attorney’s fees, and equitable relief. On March 15, 2023, the court granted the USO defendants’ motion to dismiss the complaint. In its ruling, the court granted the USO defendants’ motion to dismiss, with prejudice, the plaintiff’s claims under Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and a claim for control person liability under Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act. Having dismissed all claims over which the court had original jurisdiction, the court declined to exercise supplemental jurisdiction over the plaintiff’s state law claim under CUSA and dismissed the claim without prejudice. No notice of appeal was filed. ​ ​ NOTE 6 — FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS The following table presents per share performance data and other supplemental financial data for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 for the shareholders. This information has been derived from information presented in the financial statements. ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Year ended ​ ​ ​ Year ended ​ ​ ​ Year ended ​ ​ December 31, 2025 ​ December 31, 2024 ​ December 31, 2023 Per Share Operating Performance: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Net asset value, beginning of year ​ $ 75.45 ​ $ 66.91 ​ $ 70.05 ​ Total income (loss) ​ ( 5.72 ) ​ 9.15 ​ ( 2.65 ) ​ Total expenses ​ ( 0.63 ) ​ ( 0.61 ) ​ ( 0.49 ) ​ Net increase (decrease) in net asset value ​ ( 6.35 ) ​ 8.54 ​ ( 3.14 ) ​ Net asset value, end of year ​ $ 69.10 ​ $ 75.45 ​ $ 66.91 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Total Return ​ ( 8.42 ) % 12.76 % ( 4.48 ) % ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Ratios to Average Net Assets ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Total income (loss) ​ ( 5.74 ) % 17.61 % ( 2.20 ) % Management fees ​ 0.45 % 0.45 % 0.45 % Total expenses excluding management fees ​ 0.41 % 0.37 % 0.25 % Net income (loss) ​ ( 6.60 ) % 16.79 % ( 2.90 ) % ​ Total returns are calculated based on the change in value during the period. An individual shareholder’s total return and ratio may vary from the above total returns and ratios based on the timing of contributions to and withdrawals from USO. Additionally, only Authorized Participants purchase and redeem shares from the Fund at the NAV per share. Most shareholders will purchase and sell shares in the secondary market at market prices, which may differ from the NAV per share and result in a higher or lower total return. ​ 99 Table of Contents NOTE 7 — QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (Unaudited) The following summarized (unaudited) quarterly financial information presents the results of operations and other data for the three-month periods ended March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31, 2025 and 2024. ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ First ​ ​ ​ Second ​ ​ ​ Third ​ ​ ​ Fourth ​ ​ Quarter ​ Quarter ​ Quarter ​ Quarter ​ ​ 2025 ​ 2025 ​ 2025 ​ 2025 Total Income (Loss) ​ $ 42,404,806 ​ $ ( 70,828,412 ) ​ $ 25,561,469 ​ $ ( 53,339,285 ) Total Expenses ​ 2,102,269 ​ 2,133,072 ​ ​ 2,097,499 ​ 2,123,255 Net Income (Loss) ​ $ 40,302,537 ​ $ ( 72,961,484 ) ​ $ 23,463,970 ​ $ ( 55,462,540 ) Net Income (Loss) per Share ​ $ 1.90 ​ $ ( 4.10 ) ​ $ 0.33 ​ $ ( 4.48 ) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ First ​ ​ ​ Second ​ ​ ​ Third ​ ​ ​ Fourth ​ ​ Quarter ​ Quarter ​ Quarter ​ Quarter ​ ​ 2024 ​ 2024 ​ 2024 ​ 2024 Total Income (Loss) ​ $ 243,169,142 ​ $ 22,646,159 ​ $ ( 132,775,208 ) ​ $ 98,876,169 Total Expenses ​ 2,873,971 ​ 2,717,867 ​ ​ 2,675,189 ​ 2,531,044 Net Income (Loss) ​ $ 240,295,171 ​ $ 19,928,292 ​ $ ( 135,450,397 ) ​ $ 96,345,125 Net Income (Loss) per Share ​ $ 12.02 ​ $ 0.70 ​ $ ( 9.77 ) ​ $ 5.59 ​ ​ NOTE 8 — FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS USO values its investments in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 820 – Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures (“ASC 820”). ASC 820 defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles, and expands disclosures about fair value measurement. ASC 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy that distinguishes between: (1) market participant assumptions developed based on market data obtained from sources independent of USO (observable inputs) and (2) USO’s own assumptions about market participant assumptions developed based on the best information available under the circumstances (unobservable inputs). The three levels defined by the ASC 820 hierarchy are as follows: Level I – Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the reporting entity has the ability to access at the measurement date. Level II – Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level I that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. Level II assets include the following: quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability, and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means (market-corroborated inputs). Level III – Unobservable pricing input at the measurement date for the asset or liability. Unobservable inputs shall be used to measure fair value to the extent that observable inputs are not available. In some instances, the inputs used to measure fair value might fall within different levels of the fair value hierarchy. The level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement in its entirety falls shall be determined based on the lowest input level that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. The following table summarizes the valuation of USO’s securities at December 31, 2025 using the fair value hierarchy: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ At December 31, 2025 ​ ​ ​ Total ​ ​ ​ Level I ​ ​ ​ Level II ​ ​ ​ Level III Short-Term Investments ​ $ 600,000,000 ​ $ 600,000,000 ​ $ — ​ $ — Exchange-Traded Futures Contracts ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ United States Contracts ​ ​ ( 7,910,690 ) ​ ​ ( 7,910,690 ) ​ ​ — ​ ​ — OTC Commodity Swap Contracts ​ 964,023 ​ — ​ 964,023 ​ — ​ 100 Table of Contents The following table summarizes the valuation of USO’s securities at December 31, 2024 using the fair value hierarchy: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ At December 31, 2024 ​ ​ ​ Total ​ ​ ​ Level I ​ ​ ​ Level II ​ ​ ​ Level III Short-Term Investments ​ $ 727,450,000 ​ $ 727,450,000 ​ $ — ​ $ — Exchange-Traded Futures Contracts ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ United States Contracts ​ ​ 28,431,020 ​ ​ 28,431,020 ​ ​ — ​ ​ — OTC Commodity Swap Contracts ​ ( 2,068 ) ​ — ​ ( 2,068 ) ​ — ​ Effective January 1, 2009, USO adopted the provisions of Accounting Standards Codification 815 — Derivatives and Hedging, which require presentation of qualitative disclosures about objectives and strategies for using derivatives, quantitative disclosures about fair value amounts and gains and losses on derivatives. ​ Fair Value of Derivative Instruments ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Statements of ​ ​ ​ Fair Value ​ ​ ​ Fair Value ​ ​ Financial ​ at December 31, ​ at December 31, Derivatives not Accounted for as Hedging Instruments ​ Condition Location ​ 2025 ​ 2024 Futures - Commodity Contracts Unrealized gain (loss) on open commodity future contracts ​ $ ( 7,910,690 ) ​ $ 28,431,020 Swap - Commodity Contracts Unrealized gain (loss) on open OTC commodity swap contracts ​ $ 964,023 ​ $ ( 2,068 ) ​ The volume of open OTC swap positions relative to the net assets of USO at the date of this report is generally representative of open positions throughout the reporting period. The Effect of Derivative Instruments on the Statements of Operations ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ For the year ended ​ For the year ended ​ For the year ended ​ ​ ​ ​ December 31, 2025 ​ December 31, 2024 ​ December 31, 2023 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Change in ​ ​ ​ ​ Change in ​ ​ ​ Change in ​ ​ Location of ​ Realized ​ Unrealized ​ Realized ​ Unrealized ​ Realized ​ Unrealized Derivatives not ​ Gain (Loss) ​ Gain (Loss) ​ Gain (Loss) on ​ Gain (Loss) ​ Gain (Loss) on ​ Gain (Loss) ​ Gain (Loss) on Accounted for ​ on Derivatives ​ on Derivatives ​ Derivatives ​ in Derivatives ​ Derivatives ​ in Derivatives ​ Derivatives as Hedging ​ Recognized in ​ Recognized in ​ Recognized in ​ Recognized in ​ Recognized in ​ Recognized in ​ Recognized in Instruments ​ ​ ​ Income ​ ​ ​ Income ​ ​ ​ Income ​ ​ ​ Income ​ ​ ​ Income ​ ​ ​ Income ​ ​ ​ Income Futures - Commodity Contracts Realized gain (loss) on closed commodity futures contracts ​ $ ( 41,170,050 ) ​ ​ ​ $ 121,123,950 ​ ​ ​ $ ( 63,502,154 ) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Change in unrealized gain (loss) on open commodity futures contracts ​ ​ ​ ​ $ ( 36,341,710 ) ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 25,379,090 ​ ​ ​ ​ $ ( 19,134,006 ) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ OTC Swap - Commodity Contracts ​ Realized gain (loss) on closed OTC commodity swap contracts ​ $ ( 18,416,818 ) ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 22,162,096 ​ ​ ​ ​ $ ( 24,349,916 ) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Change in unrealized gain (loss) on open OTC commodity swap contracts ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 966,091 ​ ​ ​ ​ $ ( 162 ) ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 2,239 ​ ​ NOTE 9 — SUBSEQUENT EVENTS USO has performed an evaluation of subsequent events through the date the financial statements were issued. This evaluation did not result in any subsequent events that necessitated disclosures and/or adjustments. ​ ​ 101 Table of Contents Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. Not applicable. ​ Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. Disclosure Controls and Procedures USO maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in USO’s periodic reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time period specified in the SEC’s rules and forms. The duly appointed officers of USCF, including its chief executive officer and chief financial officer, who perform functions equivalent to those of a principal executive officer and principal financial officer of USO if USO had any officers, have evaluated the effectiveness of USO’s disclosure controls and procedures and have concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures of USO have been effective as of the end of the period covered by this annual report on Form 10-K. Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting USO is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. USO’s internal control system is designed to provide reasonable assurance to USCF and the Board of USCF regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. USCF’s report on internal control over financial reporting is set forth above under the heading, “Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting” in Item 8 of this annual report on Form 10-K. Change in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There were no changes in USO’s internal control over financial reporting during USO’s last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, USO’s internal control over financial reporting. ​ Item 9B. Other Information. No officers or directors of the Company have adopted , modified or terminated trading plans under either a Rule 10b5-1 or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as such terms are defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K of the Securities Act of 1933) for the three-month period ended December 31, 2025. Monthly Account Statements Pursuant to the requirement under Rule 4.22 under the CEA, each month USO publishes an account statement for its shareholders, which includes a Statement of Income (Loss) and a Statement of Changes in Net Asset Value. The account statement is furnished to the SEC on a current report on Form 8-K pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and posted each month on USO’s website at www.uscfinvestments.com. ​ Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. Not applicable. ​ ​ 102 Table of Contents Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. Principals and Key Personnel of USCF. USO has no executive officers. Pursuant to the terms of the LP Agreement, USO’s affairs are managed by USCF. The following principals of USCF serve in the below mentioned capacities: ​ Name ​ ​ ​ Age ​ ​ ​ Capacity John P. Love 54 Management Director, Chairman of the Board of Directors, President and Chief Executive Officer Stuart P. Crumbaugh ​ 62 ​ Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer Andrew F Ngim ​ 65 ​ Chief Operating Officer and Portfolio Manager Kathryn D. Rooney ​ 53 ​ Management Director, Chief Marketing Officer Daphne G. Frydman 51 Director of Compliance Ray W. Allen 69 Portfolio Manager Kevin A. Baum 55 Chief Investment Officer Gordon L. Ellis 79 Independent Director Malcolm R. Fobes III 61 Independent Director Peter M. Robinson 68 Independent Director ​ Ray W. Allen , 69, Portfolio Manager of USCF since January 2008. Mr. Allen was the portfolio manager of: (1) UGA from February 2008 until March 2010, and then portfolio manager since May 2015, (2) UHN from April 2008 until March 2010, and then portfolio manager from May 2015 to September 2018, (3) UNL from November 2009 until March 2010, and then portfolio manager since May 2015. In addition, he has been the portfolio manager of: (1) DNO from September 2009 to September 2018, (2) USO and USL since March 2010, (3) BNO since June 2010, (4) UNG since May 2015, (5) United States 3x Oil Fund and United States 3x Short Oil Fund from July 2017 to December 2019. Mr. Allen also has served as the portfolio manager of the USCF SummerHaven Dynamic Commodity Strategy No K-1 Fund, a series of the USCF ETF Trust, from May 2018 to October 2021 and then portfolio manager since January 2022. Mr. Allen has been a principal of USCF listed with the CFTC and NFA since March 2009 and has been registered as an associated person of USCF since July 2015 and from March 2008 to November 2012. Additionally, Mr. Allen has been approved as an NFA swaps associated person of USCF since July 2015. As of February 2017, he also is an associated person and swap associated person of USCF Advisers, LLC (“USCF Advisers”). USCF Advisers, an affiliate of USCF, is an investment adviser registered under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, and, as of February 2017, is registered as a commodity pool operator, NFA member and swap firm. Mr. Allen earned a B.A. in Economics from the University of California at Berkeley and holds an NFA Series 3 registration. Kevin A. Baum , 55, has served as the Chief Investment Officer of USCF since September 1, 2016 and as a Portfolio Manager of USCF from March 2016 to April 2017. He also has served as the Chief Investment Officer of USCF Advisers since June 2021. Prior to joining USCF, Mr. Baum temporarily retired from December 2015 to March 2016. Mr. Baum served as the Vice President and Senior Portfolio Manager for Invesco, an investment manager that manages a family of exchange-traded funds, from October 2014 through December 2015. Mr. Baum was temporarily retired from May 2012 through September 2014. From May 1993 to April 2012, Mr. Baum worked as the Senior Portfolio Manager, Head of Commodities for OppenheimerFunds, Inc., a global asset manager. Mr. Baum has been approved with respect to USCF as an NFA principal and associated person since April 2016, and a swap associated person since November 2020. He also is an associated person of USCF Advisers as of February 2017, and, as of June 2021, a principal and swap associated person of USCF Advisers. USCF Advisers, an affiliate of USCF, is an investment adviser registered under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, and, as of February 2017, is registered as a commodity pool operator, NFA member and swap firm. Mr. Baum is a CFA Charterholder, CAIA Charterholder, earned a B.B.A. in Finance from Texas Tech University and holds an NFA Series 3 and FINRA Series 7 registrations. Stuart P. Crumbaugh , 62 , Management Director of USCF since April 2023 and Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer of USCF since May 2015. In addition, Mr. Crumbaugh has served as a director of USCF Investments, the parent and sole member of USCF, since December 2016. Mr. Crumbaugh has been a principal of USCF listed with the CFTC and NFA since July 1, 2015 and, as of January 2017, he is a principal of USCF Advisers, an affiliate of USCF, which is an investment adviser registered under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, and, as of February 2017, is registered as a commodity pool operator, NFA member and swap firm. Since June 2015, Mr. Crumbaugh has been the Treasurer and Secretary of USCF Advisers. He has served as a Management Trustee, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of USCF ETF Trust since May 2015. Mr. Crumbaugh joined USCF as the Assistant Chief Financial Officer on April 6, 2015. Also, Mr. Crumbaugh served as the Chief Financial Officer of The Marygold Companies, Inc., formerly Concierge Technologies, Inc. (“Marygold”), the parent of USCF Investments, Inc. (formerly Wainwright Holdings, Inc.) (“USCF Investments”) 103 Table of Contents from December 2017 to January 2024 and as a management director on the board of directors of Marygold from April 2023 to January 2024. He is also the Treasurer and a member of the Board of Directors of Marygold & Co., a subsidiary of Marygold, since November 2019. Prior to joining USCF, Mr. Crumbaugh was the Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer of Sikka Software Corporation, a software service healthcare company providing optimization software and data solutions from April 2014 to April 6, 2015. Mr. Crumbaugh served as a consultant providing technical accounting, IPO readiness and M&A consulting services to various early stage companies with the Connor Group, a technical accounting consulting firm, for the periods of January 2014 through March 2014; October 2012 through November 2012; and January 2011 through February 2011. Mr. Crumbaugh earned a B.A. in Accounting and Business Administration from Michigan State University in 1987 and is a Certified Public Accountant - Michigan (inactive). Daphne G. Frydman , 51 , General Counsel of USCF and USCF Advisers, LLC since May 2018, and Director of Compliance of USCF since April 2022. She is also the Chief Legal Officer of USCF ETF Trust since May 2018 and Secretary of the same since December 2021. Ms. Frydman served as Deputy General Counsel of USCF and USCF Advisers, LLC from May 2016 through May 2018. From September 2001 through April 2016, Ms. Frydman was an attorney in private practice at the law firm Sutherland Asbill & Brennan LLP. Ms. Frydman is listed as a principal of USCF as of June 1, 2022. Ms. Frydman earned her J.D. from the Northwestern University Pritzker School of Law and a B.A. in College of Letters and Spanish from Wesleyan University. John P. Love, 54, President and Chief Executive Officer of USCF since May 15, 2015, Management Director of USCF since October 2016 and Chairman of the Board of Directors of USCF since October 2019. Mr. Love also is a director of USCF Investments, a position he has held since December 2016. Mr. Love previously served as a Senior Portfolio Manager for the Related Public Funds from March 2010 through May 2015. Prior to that, while still at USCF, he was a Portfolio Manager beginning with the launch of USO in April 2006. Mr. Love also served as a portfolio manager of USCF from April 2006 until April 2015. Mr. Love has served on the Board of Managers of USCF Advisers since November 2016 and as its President since June 2015. USCF Advisers, an affiliate of USCF, is an investment adviser registered under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, and, as of February 2017, is registered as a commodity pool operator, NFA member and swap firm. He also has served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of the USCF ETF Trust since December 2015. Mr. Love has been a principal of USCF listed with the CFTC and NFA since January 17, 2006. Mr. Love has been registered as an associated person of USCF since February 2015 and from December 2005 to April 2009. Additionally, Mr. Love has been approved as an NFA swaps associated person since February 2015. Mr. Love is a principal of USCF Advisers LLC as of January 2017. Additionally, effective as of February 2017, he is an associated person and, swap associated person of USCF Advisers. Mr. Love earned a B.A. from the University of Southern California, holds NFA Series 3 and FINRA Series 7 registrations and is a CFA Charterholder. Andrew F Ngim , 65, co-founded USCF in 2005 and has served as the Chief Operating Officer of USCF since August 2016. He also served as a Management Director of USCF from May 2005 to April 2023. Mr. Ngim served as the portfolio manager for USCI and CPER since January 2013. Mr. Ngim also served as USCF’s Treasurer from June 2005 to February 2012. In addition, he has been on the Board of Managers and has served as the Assistant Secretary and Assistant Treasurer of USCF Advisers since its inception in June 2013 and Chief Operating Officer of USCF Advisers since March 2021. Prior to and concurrent with his services to USCF and USCF Advisers, from January 1999 to January 2013, Mr. Ngim served as a Managing Director for Ameristock Corporation, a California-based investment adviser, which he co-founded in March 1995, and was Co-Portfolio Manager of Ameristock Mutual Fund, Inc. from January 2000 to January 2013. Mr. Ngim also serves as the portfolio manager for the following series of the USCF ETF Trust: (1) USCF SummerHaven Dynamic Commodity Strategy No K-1 Fund, from May 2018 to present, (2) the USCF Sustainable Battery Metals Strategy Fund from January 2023 to present, (3) the USCF Energy Commodity Strategy Absolute Return Fund from May 2023 to present, (4) the USCF Sustainable Commodity Strategy Fund from August 9, 2023 to present. Mr. Ngim served as a Management Trustee of the USCF ETF Trust from August 2014 to August 2023, and (5) the USCF Oil Plus Bitcoin Strategy Fund from December 9, 2025 to present. Mr. Ngim has been a principal of USCF listed with the CFTC and NFA since November 2005 and a principal of USCF Advisers LLC since January 2017. USCF Advisers, an affiliate of USCF, is an investment adviser registered under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, and, as of February 2017, is registered as a commodity pool operator, NFA member and swap firm. Mr. Ngim earned his B.A. from the University of California at Berkeley. Kathryn D. Rooney , 52, Management Director of USCF since April 2023 and Chief Marketing Officer of USCF since January 2016. Ms. Rooney also serves as a director of USCF Advisers since March 10, 2024 and was listed as a principal of USCF Advisers effective March 28, 2025. She also served as a member of the Board of Directors of The Marygold Companies, which is the parent of USCF Investments, Inc., from January 2017 to April 2023. USCF Investments, Inc. is the sole member of USCF. Previously, Ms. Rooney was the National Sales Director at USCF from January 2007 to December 2015. Ms. Rooney was the Director of Business Development at the Ameristock Corporation, a California-based registered investment adviser, from September 2003 to January 2007. Prior to joining the Ameristock Corporation, she was Regional Sales Director at Accessor Capital Management, a registered investment adviser that was based in Seattle, Washington, from October 2002 to August 2003, National Sales Director at ALPS Mutual Fund Services, Inc., a boutique investment services company offering outsourced back office operations and distribution services to mutual fund managers, 104 Table of Contents from June 1999 to October 2002, and Trust Officer at Fifth Third Bancorp, an American bank holding company headquartered in Ohio, from June 1994 to May 1999. Additionally, Ms. Rooney has been registered as an associated person of USCF since August 2015 and from December 2005 to April 2009 and is listed as a principal of USCF effective as of April 2023. Additionally, effective as of February 2017, she is an associated person of USCF Advisers, LLC, an affiliate of USCF, which is an investment adviser registered under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, and, as of February 2017, is registered as a commodity pool operator, NFA member and swap firm. Ms. Rooney graduated from Wellesley College with a B.A. in economics and psychology in June 1994. Gordon L. Ellis , 79, Independent Director of USCF since September 2005. Previously, Mr. Ellis was a founder of International Absorbents, Inc., Director and Chairman since July 1985 and July 1988, respectively, and Chief Executive Officer and President since November 1996. He also served as Chairman of Absorption Corp., a wholly-owned subsidiary of International Absorbents, Inc., which is a leading developer and producer of environmentally friendly pet care and industrial products, from May July 1985 until July 2010 when it was sold to Kinderhook Industries, a private investment banking firm and remained as a director until March 2013 when Absorption Corp was sold again to J. Rettenmaier & Söhne Group, a German manufacturing firm. Concurrent with that, he founded and has served as Chairman from November 2010 to present of Lupaka Gold Corp., a firm that acquires, explores and developed mining properties and is currently driving an arbitration suit against the Republic of Peru. He also serves as a director of Goldhaven Resources, a firm that acquires, explores and develops mining properties in Canada and Chile, from August 2020 to present. Mr. Ellis has his Chartered Directors designation from The Director’s College (a joint venture of McMaster University and The Conference Board of Canada). He has been a principal of USCF listed with the CFTC and NFA since November 2005. Mr. Ellis is a professional engineer, retired, and earned an M.B.A. in international finance. Malcolm R. Fobes III , 61, Independent Director of USCF and Chairman of USCF’s audit committee since September 2005. He founded and is the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer of Berkshire Capital Holdings, Inc., a California-based investment adviser registered under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 that has been sponsoring and providing portfolio management services to mutual funds since June 1997. Mr. Fobes serves as Chairman and President of The Berkshire Funds, a mutual fund investment company registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940. Since 1997, Mr. Fobes has also served as portfolio manager of the Berkshire Focus Fund, a mutual fund registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, which concentrates its investments in the electronic technology industry. He was also contributing editor of Start a Successful Mutual Fund: The Step-by-Step Reference Guide to Make It Happen (JV Books, 1995). Mr. Fobes has been a principal of USCF listed with the CFTC and NFA since November 2005. He earned a B.S. in finance with a minor in economics from San Jose State University in California. Peter M. Robinson , 68, Independent Director of USCF since September 2005. Mr. Robinson has been a Research Fellow since 1993 with the Hoover Institution, a public policy think tank located on the campus of Stanford University. He authored three books and has been published in the New York Times, Red Herring, and Forbes ASAP and is the editor of Can Congress Be Fixed?: Five Essays on Congressional Reform (Hoover Institution Press, 1995). Mr. Robinson has been a principal of USCF listed with the CFTC and NFA since December 2005. He earned an M.B.A. from the Stanford University Graduate School of Business, graduated from Oxford University in 1982 after studying politics, philosophy, and economics and graduated summa cum laude from Dartmouth College in 1979. The following are individual Principals, as that term is defined in CFTC Rule 3.1, for USCF: John P. Love, Stuart P. Crumbaugh, Daphne G. Frydman, Nicholas D. Gerber, Melinda D. Gerber, Andrew F Ngim, Peter M. Robinson, Kathryn D. Rooney, Gordon L. Ellis, Malcolm R. Fobes III, Ray W. Allen, Kevin A. Baum, and USCF Investments, Inc., formerly Wainwright Holdings, Inc. The individuals who are Principals due to their positions are John P. Love, Stuart P. Crumbaugh, Daphne G. Frydman, Andrew F Ngim, Peter M. Robinson, Kathryn D. Rooney, Gordon L. Ellis, Malcolm R. Fobes III, Ray W. Allen, and Kevin A. Baum. In addition, USCF Investments is a Principal because it is the sole member of USCF. None of the Principals owns or has any other beneficial interest in USO. Ray W. Allen makes trading and investment decisions for USO. Ray W. Allen, Darius Coby, Seth Lancaster and Zach Sanchez execute trades on behalf of USO. In addition, John P. Love, Ray W. Allen, Kevin A. Baum, Kathryn Rooney, and Maya Lowry are registered with the CFTC as Associated Persons of USCF and are NFA Associate Members. John P. Love, Kevin A. Baum and Ray W. Allen are also registered with the CFTC as Swaps Associated Persons. Audit Committee The Board of USCF has an audit committee which is made up of the three independent directors (Gordon L. Ellis, Malcolm R. Fobes III, and Peter M. Robinson). The audit committee is governed by an audit committee charter that is posted on USO’s website at www.uscfinvestments.com. The Board has determined that each member of the audit committee meets the financial literacy requirements of the NYSE Arca and the audit committee charter. The Board has further determined that each of Messrs. Ellis and Fobes 105 Table of Contents have accounting or related financial management expertise, as required by the NYSE Arca, such that each of them is considered an “Audit Committee Financial Expert” as such term is defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K. Other Committees Since the individuals who perform work on behalf of USO are not compensated by USO, but instead by USCF, USO does not have a compensation committee. Similarly, since the directors noted above serve on the Board of USCF, there is no nominating committee of the Board that acts on behalf of USO. USCF believes that it is necessary for each member of the Board to possess many qualities and skills. USCF further believes that all directors should possess a considerable amount of business management and educational experience. When vacancies in USCF’s Board occur, the members of the Board consider a candidate’s management experience as well as his/her background, stature, conflicts of interest, integrity and ethics. In connection with this, the Board also considers issues of diversity, such as diversity of gender, race and national origin, education, professional experience and differences in viewpoints and skills. The Board does not have a formal policy with respect to diversity; however, the Board believes that it is essential that the Board members represent diverse viewpoints. Code of Ethics USCF has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the “Code of Ethics”) that applies to its principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions, and also to USO. USO has posted the text of the Code of Ethics on its website at www.uscfinvestments.com. Any shareholder of USO may also obtain a printed copy of the Code of Ethics, free of charge, by calling 1-800-920-0259. USO intends to disclose any amendments or waivers to the Code of Ethics applicable to USCF’s principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions, on its website. Insider Trading Policy USCF has adopted an insider trading policy applicable to USCF’s directors, officers and employees, which is included as an exhibit to this annual report on Form 10-K. Executive Sessions of the Non-Management Directors In accordance with the Corporate Governance Policy of USCF, the non-management directors of the Board (who are the same as the independent directors of the Board) meet separately from the other directors in regularly scheduled executive sessions, without the presence of Management Directors or executive officers of USCF. The non-management directors have designated Gordon L. Ellis to preside over each such executive session. Interested parties who wish to make their concerns known to the non-management directors may communicate directly with Mr. Ellis by writing to 475 Milan Drive, No. 103, San Jose, CA 95134-2453 or by e-mail at uscf.director@gmail.com. Board Leadership Structure and Role in Risk Oversight The Board of USCF is led by a Chairman, Mr. John P. Love, who also serves as USCF’s President and Chief Executive Officer. The Board’s responsibilities include: (i) the selection, evaluation, retention and succession of the Chief Executive Officer and the oversight of the selection and performance of other executive officers, (ii) understanding, reviewing and monitoring the implementation of strategic plans, annual operating plans and budgets, (iii) the selection and oversight of USO’s independent auditors and the oversight of USO’s financial statements, (iv) advising management on significant issues, (v) the review and approval of significant company actions and certain other matters, (vi) nominating directors and committee members and overseeing effective corporate governance and (vii) the consideration of other constituencies, such as USCF’s and USO’s customers, employees, suppliers and the communities impacted by USO. The non-management directors have designated Gordon L. Ellis as the presiding independent director. Mr. Ellis’ role as the presiding independent director includes presiding over each executive session of the non-management directors, facilitating communications by shareholders and employees with the non-management directors and may also include representing the non-management directors with respect to certain matters as to which the views of the non-management directors are sought pursuant to USO’s Corporate Governance Policy. The Board believes that Mr. Love is best situated to serve as Chairman of USCF because he is the director most familiar with the business of USCF as the President and CEO of USCF. Because of his background, he is most capable of effectively leading discussions and execution of new strategic objectives while facilitating information flow between USCF and the full Board, including the independent directors, which is essential to effective governance. The independent directors of USCF are actively involved in the 106 Table of Contents oversight of USCF and, because of their varied backgrounds, provide different perspectives in connection with the oversight of USCF, USO and the Related Public Funds. USCF’s independent directors bring expertise from outside USCF and the commodities industry, while Mr. Love brings company-specific and industry-specific experience and expertise. Risk Management The full Board is actively involved in overseeing the management and operation of USCF, including oversight of the risks that face USO and the Related Public Funds. USCF’s compliance policies and procedures are intended to ensure that USCF takes prudent and careful action while entering into and managing investments taken by USO, including Oil Futures Contracts and Other Oil-Related Investments such as OTC swap contracts. Additionally, the policies are intended to provide assurance that there is sufficient flexibility in controlling risks and returns associated with the use of investments by USO. The policies and procedures, among other things, provide criteria for OTC swap counterparties and documentation. There are certain risks that may arise as a result of a growth in assets under management. For example, if position limits are imposed on USO and the assets under management continue to increase, then USO may not be able to invest solely in the Benchmark Oil Futures Contracts and may have to invest in OTC swap contracts or Other Oil-Related Investments as it seeks to track its benchmark. Other Oil Futures Contracts in which USO may invest may not track changes in the price of the Benchmark Oil Futures Contract. Other Oil-Related Investments, including OTC swap contracts, may also expose USO to increased counterparty credit risk and may be less liquid and more difficult to value than Oil Futures Contracts. USO and the Related Public Funds ameliorate the potential credit, liquidity and valuation risks by fully collateralizing any OTC swap contracts or other investments. ​ Item 11. Executive Compensation. Compensation to USCF and Other Compensation USO does not directly compensate any of the executive officers noted above. The executive officers noted above are compensated by USCF for the work they perform on behalf of and other entities controlled by USCF. USO does not reimburse USCF for, nor does it set the amount or form of any portion of, the compensation paid to the executive officers by USCF. USO pays fees to USCF pursuant to the LP Agreement under which it is obligated to pay USCF an annualized fee of 0.45% of average daily total net assets. For 2025, USO accrued aggregate management fees of $4,409,002. Director Compensation The following table sets forth compensation earned during the year ended December 31, 2025, by the directors of USCF. USO’s portion of the aggregate fees paid for director’s fees and insurance for the year ended December 31, 2025 was $338,042. ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Change in ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Pension ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Fees ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Value and ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Earned ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Nonqualified ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ or ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Non-Equity ​ ​ Deferred ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Paid in ​ Stock ​ Option ​ Incentive Plan ​ ​ Compensation ​ All Other ​ ​ ​ Name ​ Cash ​ Awards ​ Awards ​ Compensation ​ ​ Plan ​ Compensation ​ Total Management Directors ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ John P. Love ​ $ — ​ NA ​ NA ​ NA ​ $ — ​ $ — ​ $ — Stuart P. Crumbaugh ​ $ — ​ NA ​ NA ​ NA ​ $ — ​ $ — ​ $ — John P. Love ​ $ — ​ NA ​ NA ​ NA ​ $ — ​ $ — ​ $ — Robert L. Nguyen (2) ​ $ — ​ NA ​ NA ​ NA ​ ​ — ​ $ — ​ $ — Kathryn D. Rooney ​ $ — ​ NA ​ NA ​ NA ​ ​ — ​ $ — ​ $ — Independent Directors ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Peter M. Robinson ​ $ 45,160 NA NA NA ​ $ — ​ $ — ​ $ 45,160 Gordon L. Ellis ​ $ 45,160 NA NA NA ​ $ — ​ $ — ​ $ 45,160 Malcolm R. Fobes III (1) ​ $ 55,356 NA NA NA ​ $ — ​ $ — ​ $ 55,356 (1) Mr. Fobes serves as chairman of the audit committee of USCF and receives additional compensation from USCF, in recognition of the additional responsibilities he has undertaken in this role. (2) Mr. Nguyen served as a director of USCF until May 31, 2025. This table reflects his compensation earned through that date. ​ 107 Table of Contents Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. None of the directors or executive officers of USCF own any shares of USO. In addition, USO is not aware of any 5% holder of its shares. ​ Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions USO has and will continue to have certain relationships with USCF and its affiliates. However, there have been no direct financial transactions between USO and the directors or officers of USCF that have not been disclosed herein. See “Item 11. Executive Compensation” and “Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.” Any transaction with a related person that must be disclosed in accordance with SEC Regulation S-K item 404(a), including financial transactions by USO with directors or executive officers of USCF or holders of beneficial interests in USCF or USO of more than 5%, will be subject to the provisions regarding “Resolutions of Conflicts of Interest; Standard of Care” as set forth in Section 7.7 of the LP Agreement and will be reviewed and approved by the audit committee of the Board of USCF. Director Independence In February 2025, the Board undertook a review of the independence of the directors of USCF and considered whether any director has a material relationship or other arrangement with USCF, USO or the Related Public Funds that could compromise his ability to exercise independent judgment in carrying out his responsibilities. As a result of this review, the Board determined that each of Messrs. Fobes, Ellis and Robinson is an “independent director,” as defined under the rules of NYSE Arca. ​ Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. The fees for services billed to USO by its independent auditors for the last two fiscal years are as follows: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 2025 ​ ​ ​ 2024 Audit fees ​ $ 167,500 ​ $ 162,500 Audit-related fees ​ — ​ — Tax fees ​ 17,500 ​ 17,000 All other fees ​ 5,000 ​ 5,000 ​ ​ $ 190,000 ​ $ 184,500 ​ Audit fees consist of fees paid to Cohen & Company, Ltd. for (i) the audit of USO’s annual financial statements included in the annual report on Form 10-K, and review of financial statements included in the quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and certain of USO’s current reports on Form 8-K; (ii) the audit of USO’s internal control over financial reporting included in the annual report on Form 10-K; and (iii) services that are normally provided by the Independent Registered Public Accountants in connection with statutory and regulatory filings of registration statements. Tax fees consist of fees paid for professional services rendered in connection with tax compliance and partnership income tax return filings. The audit committee has established policies and procedures which are intended to control the services provided by USO’s independent auditors and to monitor their continuing independence. Under these policies and procedures, no audit or permitted non-audit services (including fees and terms thereof), except for the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in Section 10A(i)(1)(B) of the Exchange Act, may be undertaken by USO’s independent auditors unless the engagement is specifically pre-approved by the audit committee. The audit committee may form and delegate authority to subcommittees consisting of one or more members when appropriate, including the authority to grant pre-approvals of audit and permitted non-audit services, provided that decisions of such subcommittee to grant pre-approvals must be presented to the full audit committee at its next scheduled meeting. ​ 108 Table of Contents Part IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 1. See Index to Financial Statements on page XX. 2. No financial statement schedules are filed herewith because (i) such schedules are not required or (ii) the information required has been presented in the aforementioned financial statements. 3. Exhibits required to be filed by Item 601 of Regulation S-K. ​ Exhibit Index Listed below are the exhibits which are filed or furnished as part of this annual report on Form 10-K (according to the number assigned to them in Item 601 of Regulation S-K): ​ Exhibit Number ​ ​ ​ Description of Document 3.1(1) Certificate of Limited Partnership of the Registrant. 3.2(8) Seventh Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership. 3.3(7) Sixth Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of USCF. 4.1(14) ​ Description of Securities 10.1(9) Form of Initial Authorized Participant Agreement. 10.2(2) Marketing Agent Agreement. 10.3(2) Amendment Agreement to the Marketing Agent Agreement. 10.4(3) Amendment No. 2 to the Marketing Agent Agreement. 10.5(4) Third Amendment Agreement to the Marketing Agent Agreement. 10.5(5) ​ Amendment 5 to the Marketing Agent Agreement. 10.6(5) License Agreement between United States Commodity Funds LLC and New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc. 10.7(6) Third Amendment to License Agreement between United States Commodity Funds LLC and New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc. 10.8(15) Form of Custody Agreement with The Bank of New York Mellon. 10.9(15) Form of Transfer Agency and Service Agreement with The Bank of New York Mellon. 10.10(15) Form of Fund Administration and Accounting Agreement with Administrative Agency Agreement with The Bank of New York Mellon. 10.11(10) Form of Futures and Cleared Derivatives Transactions Customer Account Agreement with RBC Capital Markets LLC. 10.12(11) Form of Commodity Futures Customer Agreement with RCG Division of Marex Spectron. 10.13(12) Form of Customer Agreement with E D & F Man Capital Markets Inc. 10.14 (13) Form of Customer Agreement with Macquarie Futures USA LLC. 10.15 (17) ​ ISDA 2002 Master Agreement, dated November 30, 2021, by and between United States Oil Fund, LP and Macquarie Bank Limited. 10.15 (18) ​ ISDA 2002 Master Agreement, dated June 13, 2022, by and between United States Oil Fund, LP and Société Générale S.A. 19.1(16) ​ Insider Trading Policies and Procedures 23.1(19) Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 31.1(19) Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 31.2(19) Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 32.1(19) Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U. S. C. 1350). 32.2(19) Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U. S. C. 1350). 101.INS XBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema. 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase. 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase. 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase. 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase. 109 Table of Contents (1) Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-124950) filed on May 16, 2005. (2) Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter ended September 30, 2009, filed on November 9, 2009. (3) Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter ended June 30, 2012, filed on August 9, 2012. (4) Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, filed on February 27, 2013. (5) Incorporated by reference to United States Oil Fund, LP’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter ended March 31, 2007, filed on May 15, 2007. (6) Incorporated by reference to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on October 24, 2011. (7) Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, filed on February 26, 2016. (8) Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 15, 2017. (9) Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Form S-3 (File No. 333-209362), filed on February 3, 2016. (10) Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on October 10, 2013. (11) Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 29, 2020. (12) Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 9, 2020. (13) Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 7, 2020. (14) Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, filed on February 21, 2020. (15) Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 30, 2020. (16) Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, filed on February 28, 2025. (17) Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 1, 2021. (18) Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 15, 2022. (19) Filed herewith. ​ Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. ​ None. ​ 110 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. ​ United States Oil Fund, LP (Registrant) ​ By: United States Commodity Funds LLC, its general partner ​ ​ ​ By: /s/ John P. Love ​ John P. Love ​ President and Chief Executive Officer ​ (Principal executive officer) ​ ​ Date: February 27, 2026 By: /s/ Stuart P. Crumbaugh ​ Stuart P. Crumbaugh Chief Financial Officer (Principal financial and accounting officer) ​ ​ ​ Date: February 27, 2026 ​ ​ 111 Table of Contents Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. ​ Signature ​ ​ ​ Title (Capacity) ​ ​ ​ Date /s/ Kathryn D. Rooney Management Director February 27, 2026 Kathryn D. Rooney /s/ John P. Love Management Director February 27, 2026 John P. Love /s/ Stuart P. Crumbaugh Management Director February 27, 2026 Stuart P. Crumbaugh /s/ Peter M. Robinson Independent Director February 27, 2026 Peter M. Robinson /s/ Gordon L. Ellis Independent Director February 27, 2026 Gordon L. Ellis /s/ Malcolm R. Fobes III Independent Director February 27, 2026 Malcolm R. Fobes III ​ ​ ​ 112

