TICKER: UTHR
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain disruptions; (3) the drug is unsafe or ineffective, or physicians and/or patients believe that the drug is unsafe or ineffective, or that other therapies are safer, more effective, better tolerated, or more convenient; (4) patients do not enroll in or complete clinical trials at the rate we expect, due to the availability of alternative therapies, the enrollment of competing clinical trials, or other reasons; (5) we, or clinical trial sites or other third parties, do not adhere to trial protocols and required quality controls under GCP regulations; (6) patients experience severe side effects during treatment or die during our trials because of adverse events; and (7) the results of clinical trials conducted in a particular country are not acceptable to regulators in other countries. We may not compete successfully with established or newly developed drugs or products. Competition could negatively impact our operating results. We compete with well-established drug companies for market share, as well as, among other things, funding, licenses, expertise, personnel, clinical trial patients and investigators, consultants, and third-party collaborators. Some of these competitors have substantially greater financial, marketing, manufacturing, sales, distribution, and technical resources, and a larger number of approved products, than we do. Some of these competitors also possess greater experience in areas critical to our success, such as research and development, clinical trials, sales and marketing, and regulatory matters. Numerous treatments compete with our commercial therapies. For example, for the treatment of PAH, we compete with over fifteen branded and generic drugs. Sales of a generic version of Adcirca launched in August 2018 have had a material adverse impact on our sales of Adcirca. The availability of generic treprostinil injection in the United States could materially impact our revenues, and generic competition materially impacted our Remodulin revenues outside the United States. Our 32 United Therapeutics, a public benefit corporation competitors are also developing numerous new products that may compete with ours, including products intended to treat PAH and/or PH-ILD. For example, Merck commercially launched Winrevair (sotatercept-csrk) in the United States in March 2024, which competes with our treprostinil-based products. In addition, in June 2025 Liquidia launched U.S. sales of Yutrepia for PAH and PH-ILD, which now competes with our treprostinil-based products. Additional treatments, such as Insmed Incorporated’s TPIP, are in late-stage clinical trials for treatment of PAH and/or PH-ILD. Each of these products could potentially materially adversely affect our revenues. There are also three therapies approved for the treatment of IPF, including Boehringer Ingelheim’s Jascayd® (nerandomilast), which was approved by FDA in October 2025 for IPF, and later for PPF. A wide variety of additional therapies are being developed by our competitors for the treatment of IPF. Existing and future approved IPF therapies would compete with Tyvaso DPI and Nebulized Tyvaso if either or both of them is ultimately approved for that indication. The introduction of lower-priced competing products may reduce both the price that we are able to charge for our products and the volume of products we sell. Patients and doctors may discontinue use of our products if they perceive competing products as safer, more effective, less invasive, more convenient, and/or less expensive than ours. Doctors may reduce the prescribed doses of our products if they prescribe them in combination with competing products. In addition, many competing therapies are less invasive or more convenient than our products, and use of these competing therapies often delays or prevents initiation of our therapies. The successful commercialization of our products depends on the availability of coverage and adequacy of reimbursement from third-party payers, including governmental authorities and private health insurers. Pharmaceutical pricing and reimbursement pressures may negatively impact our sales. The commercial success of our products depends, in significant part, on coverage by governmental payers such as Medicare and Medicaid, and private insurance companies. A reduction in the availability or extent of reimbursement from domestic or foreign government health care programs could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of our operations. Government and commercial payers are increasingly attempting to limit the price of medicinal products and frequently challenge the pricing of new or expensive drugs. In many markets outside the United States, governments control the prices of prescription pharmaceuticals through the implementation of reference pricing, price cuts, rebates, revenue-related taxes, and profit control. Financial pressures may cause United States government payers and/or private health insurers to implement policies that would reduce reimbursement rates for our products, limit future price increases, cap reimbursement rates for pharmaceuticals to rates paid internationally, require the automatic substitution of generic products, demand more rigorous requirements for initial coverage for new products, implement step therapy policies that require patients to try other medicines, including generic products, before using our products, or take other similar steps that could make it more difficult for patients to access our products. See, for example, the discussion of the IRA and the proposed GLOBE and GUARD regulations in the risk factor below entitled Government healthcare reform and other reforms could adversely affect our revenue, costs, and results of operations . Our prostacyclin analogue products (Tyvaso DPI, Nebulized Tyvaso, Remodulin, and Orenitram) and our oncology product (Unituxin) are expensive therapies. Specialty pharmacy distributors may not be able to obtain adequate reimbursement for our products from commercial and government payers to motivate them to support our products. Third-party payers may reduce the amount of reimbursement for our products based on changes in pricing of other therapies for the same disease or the development of new payment methodologies to cover and reimburse treatment costs, such as the use of cost-effectiveness research or value-based payment contracts. Third-party payers often encourage the use of less-expensive generic alternative therapies, which has materially impacted our Adcirca revenues and which may materially impact our Remodulin revenues and revenues from our other products if and when generic competitors come to market. Similarly, pricing and rebating strategies for competitive therapies could put pressure on us to reduce the prices of our products and/ or offer increased rebates to third-party payers. If commercial or government payers do not cover our products or limit payment rates, patients and physicians could choose competing products or products with lower out-of-pocket costs. Our manufacturing strategy exposes us to significant risks. We must be able to manufacture sufficient quantities of our commercial products to satisfy demand. We manufacture Nebulized Tyvaso drug product, Remodulin, Orenitram, and Unituxin, including the active ingredient in each of these products (and in Tyvaso DPI), at our own facilities and rely on third parties for additional manufacturing capacity for Nebulized Tyvaso and Remodulin. We also rely on third parties for our manufacturing, sometimes exclusively, as detailed under the risk factor below entitled, We rely in part on third parties to perform activities that are critical to our business . If any of our internal or third-party manufacturing and supply arrangements are interrupted, we may not have sufficient inventory to meet future demand. Changes in suppliers and/or service providers could interrupt the manufacturing of our commercial products and impede the progress of our commercial launch plans and clinical trials. Our internal manufacturing process subjects us to risks as we engage in increasingly complex manufacturing processes. We manufacture our entire supply of Orenitram and Unituxin without an FDA-approved back-up manufacturing site. We do not plan to engage a third party to manufacture Orenitram; however, we have initiated efforts to qualify a third party to manufacture Unituxin drug substance, which will take multiple years and may not succeed. Our manufactured organ and organ alternative programs will involve exceptionally complicated manufacturing processes, many of which have never been attempted on a clinical or commercial scale. It will take substantial time and resources to develop and implement such 2025 Annual Report 33 manufacturing processes, and we may never be able to do so successfully. Additional risks of our manufacturing strategy include the following: • We, our third-party manufacturers, and other third parties involved in the manufacturing process, such as third parties that operate testing and storage facilities, are subject to the cGMP requirements of the FDA and its international counterparts, as applicable, current good tissue practices, and similar international regulatory standards, and other quality standards related to device manufacturing. Our ability to exercise control over regulatory compliance by our third-party manufacturers is limited. • We and our third-party manufacturers may need to increase our respective manufacturing capacity by constructing new facilities, and/or expanding existing facilities, in order to continue meeting anticipated demand for our products. These efforts are often costly and time-consuming, and must meet rigorous regulatory requirements. These efforts could be unsuccessful or take longer or cost more than we anticipate, due to a variety of factors including the lead time needed to procure, install, and qualify the highly specialized equipment necessary to manufacture the product. • We may experience difficulty designing and implementing processes and procedures to comply with applicable regulations as we develop manufacturing operations for new products. • Our primary manufacturing facilities are located in rapidly growing biopharmaceutical manufacturing hubs. Competition for experienced technical and entry level operations personnel is intense, and we may experience difficulty in staffing both our existing and future manufacturing facilities, which could limit the capacity of our facilities and/or delay startup of new facilities. • Unituxin is a chimeric monoclonal antibody that has stringent quality control and stability requirements. The drug substance manufacturing process involves a complex, multi-step cell culture and purification process. Many biologic products, including Unituxin, are particularly sensitive to the conditions under which they are manufactured. Supplier-driven changes to any of the raw materials or components used in the manufacture of Unituxin, such as discontinuation or alteration, could have unintended impacts on the quality and shelf life of Unituxin and may inhibit or prevent our ability to supply acceptable finished product in sufficient quantities or at all. Batches of Unituxin that fail to meet certain release specifications cannot be sold into the market. We have a limited capacity to produce batches of Unituxin. If a sufficient number of batches fail to meet release specifications, we could face a shortage of drug product. During 2025 we encountered limitations on our ability to supply Unituxin to our distributor in Japan, which caused our distributor to delay starting new patients on this therapy in Japan. Our efforts to proactively engage with the FDA to adjust certain manufacturing specifications for Unituxin to reduce the risk of a shortage in the United States may prove unsuccessful. Furthermore, Unituxin has a limited shelf life, which impacts our ability to stockpile inventory at comparable levels to our other commercial products. • Natural and man-made disasters (such as fires, contamination, power loss, hurricanes and other forms of severe weather, earthquakes, flooding, terrorist attacks, and acts of war), some of which could be exacerbated by climate change, disease outbreaks, and pandemics such as COVID-19 impacting our internal and third-party manufacturing and warehousing sites could cause a supply disruption. • The chemical, microbiological, and physical quality attributes of our products could be substandard and such products could not be sold or used or could be subject to recalls. • The FDA and its international counterparts could require new testing and compliance inspections of new manufacturers of our products, or new manufacturing facilities we operate. • If we produce products that do not meet FDA-approved specifications and we fail to detect these issues prior to distribution of these products, our products may be the subject of safety alerts, product recalls, or other corrective actions, and we may be charged in product liability claims and lawsuits which, regardless of their ultimate outcome, could have a material adverse effect on our business and reputation and on our ability to attract and retain customers. • Regulatory agencies may not be able to timely inspect our facilities, or those of our third-party manufacturers, which could result in delays in obtaining necessary regulatory approvals for our products. • We may be unable to contract with needed manufacturers on satisfactory terms or at all. • The supply of materials and components necessary to manufacture and package our products may become scarce or unavailable, which in the past has delayed, and in the future could delay, the manufacturing and subsequent sale of such products. Products manufactured with substituted materials or components must be approved by the FDA and applicable international regulatory agencies before they can be sold. • Manufacturers of the devices used to administer our inhaled and infused therapies are subject to medical device requirements of the FDA and its international counterparts, as applicable. Any non-compliance, recall, or enforcement action issued against them could adversely impact our sales and operations. • The infrastructure of our internal manufacturing facilities, along with certain facilities of our third-party manufacturers, is aging. These facilities have highly sophisticated and complex utility systems and manufacturing equipment. If any of these systems or equipment require long-term repair or replacement, the impacted facility may not be able to manufacture product for a substantial period of time. 34 United Therapeutics, a public benefit corporation • We and our third-party manufacturers rely upon local municipalities to supply our facilities with clean water, which is subsequently processed into high purity water and used as a key ingredient for several of our commercial drug products. If local municipalities are unable to supply water that meets relevant quality standards, we and our third-party manufacturers may be unable to manufacture these products until such a situation is remediated. • We and our third-party manufacturers rely upon utility companies to supply our facilities with electrical power. The U.S. power grid is aging and demand for electrical power is rapidly increasing, partially driven by the construction of data centers in certain regions. If utility companies are not able to reliably supply electrical power, we and our third-party manufacturers may be unable to operate our facilities at full capacity. • Our supply chain for raw materials and consumables extends worldwide and is complex. Suppliers based in China, India, and Taiwan play a role in our supply chain to support our second- and third-tier suppliers. Political unrest or trade disputes involving China, India, Taiwan, or other countries in our supply chain could impact our ability and the ability of our third-party manufacturers to source raw materials and consumables. We also have limited visibility into the supply chains on which our primary suppliers rely; as such, we rely on our primary suppliers to have robust risk mitigation strategies to detect issues and prevent supply disruption. Our commercial active pharmaceutical ingredient and all of our finished commercial product is manufactured in the United States. • We are closely monitoring global military conflicts including those involving Ukraine and Israel. Although we do not directly source any raw materials or consumables from the directly impacted countries, our international suppliers and service providers in these regions could be impacted by extended conflicts or an escalation of these conflicts into neighboring countries. • The cost of many key raw materials and consumables used in the manufacture of our products has increased due to significant inflationary pressure, and could increase further as a result of tariffs enacted by the Trump administration. Should the prices of raw materials and consumables further increase as a result of inflation or tariffs, we could see higher than average year-over-year increases in cost of goods sold. Tariffs and other trade barriers could also cause a substantial increase in the material costs associated with our construction activities. • Any of our third-party manufacturers could undergo a change of control, causing a change in our business relationship with the relevant manufacturer. Such a change could impact our long-term supply outlook and cause us to seek alternatives that could require a lengthy regulatory approval process. Alternative suppliers may not be readily available, causing us to rely solely on internal capabilities to meet future demand. • In 2024 we completed a DPF to produce our xenotransplantation products for human clinical studies. This facility houses gene-edited pigs in a highly controlled containment environment. This facility is a first of its kind, and unforeseen operational issues or disease outbreak amongst its herd could significantly impact the clinical development timelines for our xenotransplantation products. We are constructing two additional DPF facilities to mitigate operational risk and increase capacity. We will need to construct additional DPF facilities at significant expense in order to support the development and commercialization of our xenotransplantation products. If development of our xenotransplantation products fails or demand is significantly less than anticipated, we will not recoup our significant investment in these unique facilities as they would be difficult to repurpose. Conversely, prior to approval of our xenotransplantation products, we may not construct the number of facilities that we believe will ultimately be required to meet patient demand, which may delay our ability to meet demand when and if our xenotransplantation products are approved. • Unituxin and Tyvaso DPI both require cold chain transportation since these products must be maintained at 2-8°C while in transit. As a result, these products have an elevated risk of quality-control incidents compared to our other commercial products, which may be transported under room temperature conditions. We use third party logistics companies that specialize in cold chain transportation for high-value products; however, should a temperature excursion occur, it may cause loss of some or all product in the particular shipment. Any of these factors could disrupt sales of our commercial products, delay clinical trials or commercialization of new products, result in product liability claims and product recalls, and entail higher costs or lost revenues. Interruptions in our manufacturing process could be significant given the length of time and complexity involved in obtaining necessary regulatory approvals for alternative arrangements, through either third parties or internal manufacturing processes. We rely in part on third parties to perform activities that are critical to our business. Third parties assist us in activities critical to our operations, such as: (1) manufacturing our clinical and commercial products; (2) conducting clinical trials, preclinical studies, and other research and development activities; (3) obtaining regulatory approvals; (4) conducting pharmacovigilance and product complaint activities, including handling and reporting of adverse effects (including adverse events and product complaints); (5) obtaining medical device clearances and approvals for the devices used to administer our drugs; and (6) marketing and distributing our products. Any disruption in the ability of third parties to continue to perform these critical activities could materially adversely impact our business and results of operations. Any change in service providers could interrupt the manufacture and distribution of our products and services, and impede the progress of our clinical trials, commercial launch plans, and related revenues. We rely on various distributors to market, distribute, and sell our commercial products. If they are unsuccessful in, or reduce or discontinue, their sales efforts, our revenues may decline materially. Outside the United States, we rely substantially on our international distributors to obtain and maintain regulatory approvals for our products and to market and sell our products in 2025 Annual Report 35 compliance with applicable laws and regulations. In the United States, we derive substantially all our treprostinil-based revenues from sales to two distributors, Accredo and CVS Specialty. If either of these two distributors places significantly larger or smaller orders in a given time period, our revenues can be impacted in a way that does not reflect patient demand. We rely entirely on third parties to supply pumps and other supplies necessary to administer Remodulin. There are a limited number of pumps and other supplies available in the market, and the discontinuation of any particular pump could have a material, adverse impact on our Remodulin revenues if a viable supply of an alternate pump is not available. Smiths Medical (which has since been acquired by ICU Medical) discontinued manufacturing the MS-3 system used to administer subcutaneous Remodulin, and specialty pharmacy distributors informed us that supplies of new MS-3 pumps are fully exhausted, although a limited number of refurbished pumps may be available for use with generic treprostinil. In 2022, ICU Medical discontinued manufacturing and distribution of the CADD-Legacy system used to administer intravenous Remodulin. Historically, these were the pumps primarily used to administer Remodulin to patients in the United States. In 2021, we launched the Remunity Pump to administer subcutaneous Remodulin, and in 2022 ICU Medical made an alternative pump, the CADD-Solis, available for intravenous Remodulin. We rely entirely on DEKA and its affiliates to manufacture the Remunity and RemunityPRO Pumps. Additional ancillary supplies are used with these pumps, and a limited number of manufacturers that supply them. Lilly manufactures and supplies Adcirca for us. We use Lilly’s pharmaceutical wholesaler network to distribute Adcirca. If Lilly is unable to manufacture or supply Adcirca or its distribution network is disrupted, it could delay, disrupt, or prevent us from selling Adcirca. We rely on two contract manufacturers — Forj Medical and Phillips-Medisize Corp. — to manufacture the Tyvaso Inhalation System for Nebulized Tyvaso. As Nebulized Tyvaso is a drug-device combination product, we cannot sell Nebulized Tyvaso without the Tyvaso Inhalation System. We also rely on various third parties to supply the monthly disposable device accessories that are used with the Tyvaso Inhalation System. We rely entirely on MannKind to manufacture Tyvaso DPI finished drug product and inhalers for us, with no plans to develop an alternate or backup supply arrangement. If MannKind is unable to manufacture Tyvaso DPI in sufficient quantities for us for any reason, our commercial sales of Tyvaso DPI could be materially and adversely impacted. We also rely on various sole-source suppliers for manufacturing activities related to ralinepag. We are in the process of qualifying our RTP facility to produce our primary commercial supply of ralinepag if and when it is approved by the FDA. This effort could be unsuccessful or take longer or cost more than we anticipate, in which case we may be more reliant on our existing third-party contract manufacturers. Finally, we rely entirely on Sanner GmbH to manufacture cartridges that were cleared by the FDA for use with the MS-3 pump to administer Remodulin. For a further discussion of risks created by the use of third-party contract manufacturers, see the risk factor above entitled, Our manufacturing strategy exposes us to significant risks . We rely heavily on third-party contract research organizations, contract laboratories, clinical investigative sites, and other third parties to conduct our clinical trials, preclinical studies, and other research and development activities. Third-party failure to conduct or assist us in conducting clinical trials in accordance with study protocols, quality controls, GCP, or other applicable requirements or to submit associated regulatory filings, could limit or prevent our ability to rely on results of those trials in seeking regulatory approvals. Reports of actual or perceived side effects and other adverse effects associated with our products could cause our sales to decrease or regulatory approvals to be revoked. Reports of adverse effects (including side effects and other adverse events, as well as product complaints) associated with our products could affect a physician’s decision to prescribe or a patient’s willingness to use our products, which may have a significant adverse impact on sales of our products. An example of a known risk associated with the pump system used for intravenous Remodulin is sepsis, which is a serious and potentially life-threatening infection of the bloodstream caused by a wide variety of bacteria. In addition, Unituxin is associated with severe side effects, and its label contains a boxed warning related to potential infusion reactions and neurotoxicity. We are required to report certain adverse effects to the FDA and its international counterparts. Development of new products, and new formulations, indications, and delivery devices for existing products, could result in new side effects and other adverse effects which may be serious in nature. If the use of our products harms patients or is perceived to harm patients, regulatory approvals could be revoked or otherwise negatively impacted. Negative attention from special interest groups may impair our business. Our early-stage research and development involves animal testing required by regulatory authorities, which we conduct both directly and through contracts with third parties. Our organ manufacturing programs rely heavily on the use of animals to manufacture and test our products. Certain special interest groups categorically object to the use of animals for research purposes. Any negative attention, threats, or acts of vandalism directed against our animal research or manufacturing activities could impede the operation of our business. 36 United Therapeutics, a public benefit corporation We may not maintain adequate insurance coverage to protect us against significant product liability claims. The testing, manufacturing, marketing, and sale of drugs and diagnostics involve product liability risks. We may not be able to maintain our current product liability insurance at an acceptable cost, if at all. In addition, our insurance coverage may not be adequate for all potential claims. If losses significantly exceed our liability insurance coverage, we may experience financial hardship or potentially be forced out of business. Clinical testing and eventual marketing and sale of new products, reformulated versions of existing products, or use of existing products in new indications could expose us to new product liability risks that are not covered by our existing policies. If we fail to attract and retain key management and qualified scientific and technical personnel, we may not be able to achieve our business objectives. Members of our management team, including our founder, Chairperson and Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Martine Rothblatt, play a critical role in defining our business strategy and maintaining our corporate culture. The loss of the services and leadership of Dr. Rothblatt or any other members of our senior management team could have an adverse effect on our business. We do not maintain key person life insurance on our senior management team members. Failure to identify, hire, and retain suitable successors for members of our senior management team and to transfer knowledge effectively could impede the achievement of our business objectives. Our future success also depends on our ability to attract and retain qualified scientific and technical personnel. Competition for such personnel in our industries is intense. If we fail to attract and retain such employees, we may not be successful in developing and commercializing new therapies. Risks Related to Legal Compliance We must comply with extensive laws and regulations in the United States and other countries. Failure to obtain approvals on a timely basis or to comply with these requirements could delay, disrupt, or prevent commercialization of our products. The products we develop must be approved for marketing and sale by regulatory agencies. Our research and development efforts must comply with extensive regulations, including those promulgated by the FDA, the U.S. Department of Agriculture, and their international counterparts, as applicable. The process of obtaining and maintaining regulatory approvals for new drugs, biologics, and medical devices is lengthy, expensive, and uncertain. The regulatory approval process is particularly uncertain for our organ manufacturing program. Once approved, the manufacture, distribution, advertising, and marketing of our products are subject to extensive regulation, including requirements related to product labeling, pharmacovigilance and adverse effect reporting and processing (including both adverse events and product complaints), storage, distribution, and record-keeping. Our product candidates have in the past and may in the future fail to receive regulatory approval. If granted, product approvals can be conditioned on the completion of post-marketing clinical studies, accompanied by significant restrictions on the use or marketing of a given product and withdrawn for failure to comply with regulatory requirements, such as post-marketing requirements and post-marketing commitments, or upon the occurrence of adverse effects subsequent to commercial introduction. Our ability to obtain regulatory approvals for our products has been, and in the future may be, materially impacted by the outcome and quality of our clinical trials and other data submitted to regulators, as well as the quality of our manufacturing operations and those of our third-party contract manufacturers and contract laboratories. In addition, third parties may submit citizen petitions to the FDA seeking to delay approval of, or impose additional approval conditions for, our products. Citizens petitions have in the past, and may in the future, significantly delay or prevent approval of our products. In April 2025, the Trump administration announced a reduction in force at the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, including layoffs at the FDA. These and other efforts to reduce the size of the FDA or its funding, combined with changes in FDA leadership, have begun to result in slower FDA response times and/or longer review periods. Future government shutdowns, funding disputes, reorganizations, furloughs, or reductions in resources or changes in priorities or focus may result in further delays. If response and review delays persist and/or worsen, they could potentially impact our ability to timely progress our pipeline efforts or obtain regulatory approval for new products and new indications for existing products. Regulatory approval for our currently marketed products is limited by the FDA and other regulators to those specific indications and conditions for which clinical safety and efficacy have been demonstrated. Any regulatory approval of our products is limited to specific diseases and indications for which our products have been deemed safe and effective. Regulatory approval is also required for new formulations and new indications for an approved product. While physicians may prescribe drugs for uses that are not described in the product’s labeling and for uses that differ from those approved by regulatory authorities (called “off-label” uses), our ability to promote our products is limited to those indications that are specifically approved by the FDA and its international counterparts. Failure to follow applicable rules and guidelines related to promotion and advertising can result in the adverse regulatory actions by the FDA and its international counterparts — such as warning letters, enforcement actions, civil lawsuits, or criminal prosecution. 2025 Annual Report 37 We must comply with various laws in jurisdictions around the world that restrict certain marketing practices. Our business activities may be subject to challenge under laws in jurisdictions around the world restricting marketing practices, such as: • Anti-kickback and false claim statutes, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and the United Kingdom Bribery Act. In the United States, the Federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other activities, knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting, or receiving remuneration (i.e., anything of value) to induce, or in return for, the purchase, lease, order or arranging the purchase, lease or order of any health care product or service reimbursable under any federally financed healthcare program like Medicare or Medicaid. This statute is interpreted broadly to apply to arrangements between pharmaceutical manufacturers and prescribers, purchasers, specialty pharmacies, formulary managers, patients, and others. Our practices may not always qualify for safe harbor protection under this statute. • The Federal False Claims Act, which prohibits any person from knowingly presenting or causing to be presented a false or fraudulent claim for payment of government funds, or making or causing a false statement material to a false or fraudulent claim. Pharmaceutical and health care companies have faced liability under this law for causing false claims to be submitted because they marketed a product for unapproved and non-reimbursable uses. • Analogous state laws and regulations, including anti-kickback and false claims laws, which apply to items and services reimbursed under Medicaid or, in several states, regardless of the payer, including private payers. We are also subject to numerous other laws and regulations that, while not specific to the healthcare industry, apply to the healthcare industry in important ways. For example, we are subject to antitrust regulations with respect to interactions with other participants in the markets we currently serve or may serve in the future. These antitrust laws are vigorously enforced in the U.S. and in other jurisdictions in which we operate. Compliance with these and similar laws on a state-by-state basis is difficult, time consuming, and requires substantial resources. Any investigation, inquiry, or other legal proceeding under these laws related to our operations, even if we successfully defend against it, or any penalties imposed upon us for failure to comply, could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition or reputation. Sanctions under these federal and state laws may include treble civil monetary penalties, payment of damages, fines, exclusion of our products from reimbursement under federal health care programs, imprisonment, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. Government healthcare reform and other reforms could adversely affect our revenue, costs, and results of operations. Our industry is highly regulated and changes in law or government health care programs, like Medicaid or Medicare, may adversely impact our business, operations, or financial results. We cannot predict how future federal or state legislative or administrative changes related to healthcare reform will affect our business. Political, economic, and regulatory developments may lead to fundamental changes in the U.S. healthcare industry, particularly given the persistent criticism of prescription drug costs in the U.S. We expect there will continue to be legislative and regulatory proposals to change the healthcare system in ways that could adversely impact our ability to commercialize and to sell our products profitably. Even proposals or executive actions that ultimately are deemed unlawful or otherwise repealed could negatively impact the U.S. pharmaceutical sector and our business. Among other things, there have been several U.S. Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things: bring more transparency to drug pricing; reduce the cost of prescription drugs under government payer programs; review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs; and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drugs. The IRA was enacted in 2022. Among other things, the IRA requires manufacturers of certain drugs to engage in price negotiations with Medicare, with prices that can be negotiated subject to a cap; imposes rebates under Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation (first due in 2023); redesigns the Medicare Part D benefit (beginning in 2024); and replaces the Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program with a new manufacturer discounting program (beginning in 2025). CMS has published the negotiated prices for the initial ten drugs, which went into effect in January 2026, and the subsequent 15 drugs, which will first be effective in 2027. The IRA permits the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services ( HHS ) to implement many of these provisions through guidance, as opposed to regulation, for the initial years. HHS has issued guidance, and is expected to continue to issue guidance, even while multiple lawsuits challenging the IRA negotiation requirement remain pending. While the impact of the IRA on the pharmaceutical industry cannot yet be fully determined, it is likely to be significant. Under the Medicare Part D manufacturer discounting program that became effective January 1, 2025 pursuant to the IRA, manufacturers must give a 10 percent discount on Part D drugs in the initial coverage phase, and a 20 percent discount on Part D drugs in the so-called “catastrophic phase” (the phase after the patient incurs costs above the initial phase out-of-pocket threshold, which is $2,000 beginning in 2025). The IRA allows the 10 and 20 percent discounts to be phased in over time for certain drugs for “specified small manufacturers.” In April 2024, CMS informed us that we are deemed to be a specified small manufacturer. Orenitram and Tyvaso DPI are both reimbursed under Medicare Part D, and the reimbursement amount will be impacted by the 10 and 20 percent discounts under the new manufacturer discounting program. These increased discounts will impact Tyvaso DPI and Orenitram revenues, while also having an industry-wide impact on the cost of Part D drugs. The impact on 38 United Therapeutics, a public benefit corporation Tyvaso DPI and Orenitram revenues could be offset because the IRA’s Part D redesign, which went into effect in 2025 and resulted in an increase in the number of patients able to afford these therapies. The amount of the offset, if any, is inherently uncertain and difficult to predict. The manner in which CMS has implemented the manufacturer discounting program will also increase financial obligations of Part D prescription drug plans with respect to beneficiaries in the catastrophic coverage phase. This may incentivize Part D prescription drug plans to seek greater price concessions from us in order to include our products on their formularies. More recently, the One Big Beautiful Bill Act, which was enacted in July 2025, significantly reduced funding of the Medicaid program. Such reductions are expected to decrease the number of persons enrolled in Medicaid and reduce the services covered by Medicaid, which could adversely affect our sales of our commercial products. The Trump administration is pursuing a two-fold strategy to reduce drug costs in the U.S. On the one hand, the Trump administration has threatened to impose significant tariffs on pharmaceutical manufacturers that do not adopt pricing policies such as most favored nation pricing, which would tie the price for drugs in the U.S. to the lowest price in a group of other countries. In response, multiple manufacturers have entered into confidential pricing agreements with the federal government. On the other hand, the Trump administration is pursuing traditional regulatory pathways to impose drug pricing policies and published two proposed regulations in December 2025, referred to as GLOBE and GUARD. If finalized and adopted, these regulations would implement mandatory payment models under which manufacturers of eligible drugs would be required to pay rebates to the federal government on a portion of the units of their drugs that are reimbursed by Medicare, with the rebate amount based on most favored nation pricing. Imposing a rebate in the U.S. that is based on drug prices outside the U.S. would mark a drastic and unprecedented shift in the U.S. pharmaceutical market. While it is unclear whether and how the Trump administration proposals will be implemented, the Trump administration policies are likely to have a significant negative impact on the pharmaceutical industry and may negatively affect our ability to receive revenues from sales of our commercial products. Even regulatory proposals or executive actions that ultimately are deemed unlawful or otherwise repealed could negatively impact the U.S. pharmaceutical sector and our business. Individual U.S. states in the United States have also increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement limitations, marketing cost disclosure, and transparency measures, and, in some cases, measures designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. A number of states have either implemented or are considering implementation of drug price transparency legislation. Requirements of pharmaceutical manufacturers under such laws include advance notice of planned price increases; reporting price increase amounts and factors considered in taking such increases; wholesale acquisition cost information disclosure to prescribers, purchasers, and state agencies; and new product notice and reporting. Other legislation establishes so-called prescription drug affordability boards that could impose price caps on specific drugs, and at least one state board is imposing an upper payment limit. States are also seeking to implement general, across-the-board price caps for pharmaceuticals, or are seeking to regulate drug distribution. These state legislative measures could limit the price or payment for certain drugs or could complicate the distribution of drugs. A number of states are authorized to impose civil monetary penalties or pursue other enforcement mechanisms against manufacturers who fail to comply with state law requirements, including the untimely, inaccurate, or incomplete reporting of drug pricing information under transparency obligations. Additional legislation in these areas imposing additional requirements on manufacturers, as well as penalties for noncompliance, could be introduced in the future. In addition, regional healthcare authorities and individual hospitals are increasingly using bidding procedures to determine what pharmaceutical products and which suppliers will be included in their prescription drug and other healthcare programs. In October 2020, HHS and the FDA issued a final rule and guidance concerning two new pathways for importing lower-cost drugs into the United States. The final rule allows certain prescription drugs to be imported from Canada, and the guidance describes procedures for drug manufacturers to facilitate the importation of FDA-approved drugs and biologics manufactured abroad and originally intended for sale in a foreign country into the United States. In January 2024, the FDA approved Florida’s drug importation plan. In November 2025, the FDA granted a six-month extension for Florida to begin implementing its plan. The IRA and other healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future may result in additional downward pressure on the payment that we receive for any approved product, and may adversely impact our business. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare and other government programs may result in a similar reduction in payment from commercial payers. Further state and federal healthcare reform measures adopted in the future could limit the amounts that state and federal governments will pay for healthcare products and services, which could result in reduced demand for our products or additional pricing pressure. It is difficult to predict the impact, if any, that future federal or state legislation, or executive actions, might have on the use of and reimbursement for our products in the United States, such as the potential for the importation of generic versions of our products, for price caps under state laws, or for increased difficulties and costs related to the distribution of our products. If we fail to comply with our reporting and payment obligations under the Medicaid Drug Rebate program or other governmental pricing programs, we could be subject to additional reimbursement requirements, penalties, sanctions, and fines, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. We participate in, and have certain price reporting obligations to, the Medicaid Drug Rebate program and other governmental programs that require us to pay rebates or offer discounts on our products. Certain programs, such as the 2025 Annual Report 39 340B program, impose limits on the price we are permitted to charge certain entities for our products or for any future products for which we receive regulatory approval. Changes to these programs could negatively affect the coverage and reimbursement by these programs of our products or any future products for which we receive regulatory approval and could negatively impact our results of operations. Our failure to comply with these price reporting, rebate payment, or pricing requirements could adversely impact our financial results. Applicable laws and regulations, including the IRA, could affect our obligations in ways we cannot anticipate. Pricing and rebate calculations vary among products and programs. The calculations are complex and are often subject to interpretation by us, governmental or regulatory agencies, and the courts. If we must restate or recalculate information provided under these programs, our costs of compliance could increase. We could be held liable for errors in the submissions we are required to make with regards to governmental drug pricing program, including retroactive rebates and program refunds. We may incur significant civil monetary penalties if we are found to have knowingly provided false information to the government or to have charged 340B covered entities more than the statutorily mandated ceiling price, and resolution of any claims that we violated these provisions could be costly. Certain failures to timely submit required data also could result in a civil monetary penalty for each day the information is late. We could also become subject to allegations under the False Claims Act and other laws and regulations. In addition, misreporting and failure to timely report data to CMS also can be grounds for CMS to terminate our Medicaid drug rebate agreement, pursuant to which we participate in the Medicaid Drug Rebate program. If CMS terminates our rebate agreement, no federal payments would be available under Medicaid or Medicare Part B for our covered outpatient drugs. CMS, the VA, the Office of Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services ( OIG ), and other governmental agencies have pursued manufacturers that were alleged to have failed to report data to the government in a timely manner. Governmental agencies may also make changes in program interpretations, requirements or conditions of participation, some of which may have implications for amounts previously estimated or paid. We cannot assure you that any submissions we are required to make under governmental drug pricing programs will not be found to be incomplete or incorrect. Similar political, economic, and regulatory developments are occurring in other countries and may affect our profitability. In addition to continuing pressure on prices and cost containment measures, legislative developments at the EU or member state level may result in significant additional requirements or obstacles that may increase operating costs. Healthcare budgetary constraints in most EU member states have resulted in restrictions on the pricing and reimbursement of medicines and medical devices by relevant health service providers. Coupled with ever-increasing EU and national regulatory burdens on those wishing to develop and market products, this could prevent or delay marketing approval or certification of our product candidates, restrict or regulate post-approval activities, and affect our ability to commercialize our product candidates, if approved or certified. In markets outside of the United States and EU, reimbursement and healthcare payment systems vary significantly by country, and many countries have instituted price ceilings on specific products and therapies. We may be subject to enforcement action or penalties in connection with the contract pharmacy policy we have implemented pursuant to the 340B program. We participate in the 340B program and have implemented a policy regarding the distribution of our drugs at 340B ceiling prices through third-party pharmacies that contract with 340B covered entities, known as “340B contract pharmacies”. Under our 340B contract pharmacy policy, which we adopted to address program integrity risks, our drugs are only shipped at the 340B ceiling price to those 340B contract pharmacies that meet certain criteria. Our policy has no impact on 340B purchases by 340B covered entities themselves. Our contract pharmacy policy preserves patient access, while addressing compliance and integrity concerns resulting from the proliferation of contract pharmacies. Nonetheless, HHS, in a non-binding (and now-retracted) Advisory Opinion, stated that manufacturers in the 340B program are obligated to sell their covered outpatient drugs at the 340B ceiling price to all contract pharmacies acting as agents of a covered entity. Certain covered entities have expressed the view that participating manufacturers are obligated to sell their covered outpatient drugs to all contract pharmacies of a covered entity. We and certain other manufacturers initiated litigation challenging the Advisory Opinion and HRSA’s position on contract pharmacies generally. HHS subsequently withdrew the Advisory Opinion, but HRSA issued letters to manufacturers, including us, threatening enforcement action if the manufacturers do not abandon their 340B contract pharmacy policies. We filed suit against HHS and HRSA in June 2021 in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia. In September 2021, HRSA sent to us, along with the other manufacturers challenging HRSA’s 340B interpretation, letters stating that HRSA was referring this issue to the OIG for potential enforcement action. We have not had any communication from the OIG regarding our 340B contract pharmacy policy. In November 2021, the court granted our motion for summary judgment, ruling that the letters threatening enforcement action “contain legal reasoning that rests upon an erroneous reading of Section 340B.” HRSA appealed, and the appellate court affirmed the lower court’s decision in our favor. If HRSA develops a new theory of liability, we may face enforcement action or penalties as well as adverse publicity. Such an outcome may also prompt other parties to challenge our policies. It is also possible that covered entities could bring an action against us under the administrative dispute resolution pathway. We expect the compliance of policies like ours will continue to be litigated. We may also face enforcement action under the laws of certain states that are seeking to impose their own 340B contract pharmacy requirements. Such actions could, if determined adversely to us, result in penalties and other sanctions that could have a negative impact on our business. If we are unable to curb the proliferation of abuses caused by 340B contract pharmacies, we could see increased sales at 340B ceiling prices, which could have a material adverse impact on our revenues. 40 United Therapeutics, a public benefit corporation Patient assistance programs for pharmaceutical products have come under increasing scrutiny by governments, legislative bodies, enforcement agencies, and other third parties. These activities may result in actions that effectively reduce prices or demand for our products, harm our business or reputation, or subject us to fines or penalties. Company-sponsored patient assistance programs, including insurance premium and co-pay assistance programs and manufacturers’ donations to third-party charities that provide such assistance, are subject to heightened scrutiny. The Department of Justice ( DOJ ) has taken enforcement action against pharmaceutical companies alleging violations of the Federal False Claims Act and other laws in connection with patient assistance programs. We have been, and may in the future, be subject to DOJ investigations with respect to our support of non-profit patient assistance programs, which can result in sanctions, fines, or other payments and agreements with respect to our compliance programs. As discussed in Note 14— Litigation , to our consolidated financial statements, we have been sued by Humana Inc., United Healthcare Services, Inc., and various parties in the MSP Recovery litigation for allegedly violating RICO and various state laws in connection with our donations to a charity. These lawsuits, or other lawsuits in the future, could result in significant monetary judgments and the imposition of other penalties against us. Members of Congress have called upon the OIG to issue revised guidance about patient assistance programs. Actions taken by the OIG, the DOJ, or other agencies as a result of this industry-wide inquiry could reduce demand for our products and/or coverage of our products by federal and state health care. If any or all these events occur, our business, prospects, and stock price could be materially and adversely affected. Payers and pharmacy benefit managers have developed mechanisms to limit the benefits patients receive under co-pay assistance programs through imposing so-called co-pay accumulator or maximizer programs. These programs do not allow a patient using co-pay assistance to count the manufacturer’s co-payment contribution toward their annual out-of-pocket payment maximum/deductible. Once the co-pay benefit has been exhausted, patients are faced with paying the full out-of-pocket maximum/deductible. Some states have passed legislation to limit the use of co-pay accumulator programs, while some other states have indicated that these programs should be allowed to limit cost of care and encourage patients to use lower cost generics. In addition, some states have imposed restrictions on manufacturer co-pay programs when therapeutic equivalents are available. Growing use of such programs, or new laws limiting manufacturer ability to provide co-pay assistance, could affect patient access to our products and limit product utilization, which may, in turn, adversely affect our business, prospects, and stock price. Improper handling of hazardous materials used in our activities could expose us to significant remediation liabilities. Our research and development and manufacturing activities involve the controlled use of chemicals and hazardous substances. We are expanding these activities in both scale and location. Patients may dispose of our products using means we do not control. Such activities subject us to numerous federal, state, and local environmental and safety laws and regulations that govern the management, storage, and disposal of hazardous materials. Compliance with current and future environmental laws and regulations can require significant costs. The risk of accidental contamination or injury from these materials cannot be eliminated. Once chemical and hazardous materials leave our facilities, we cannot control the manner in which such hazardous waste is disposed of by our contractors. We could be liable for substantial civil damages or costs associated with the cleanup of the release of hazardous materials and such liability could have a material adverse effect on our business. The increasing use of social media platforms and artificial intelligence-based software presents new risks and challenges. Social media is increasingly being used to communicate information about our products and the diseases that our therapies are designed to treat. Social media practices in our industry continue to evolve and regulations related to such use are not always clear. This evolution creates uncertainty and risk of noncompliance. For example, patients and others may use social media channels to comment on the effectiveness of a product or to report alleged adverse effects, such as adverse events and product complaints. When such disclosures occur, we may fail to monitor and comply with applicable adverse effect reporting obligations or we may not be able to defend against political and market pressures generated by social media due to restrictions on what we may say about our products. There is also a risk of inappropriate disclosure of sensitive information or negative or inaccurate comments about us on any social networking website. If any of these events occur or we otherwise fail to comply with applicable regulations, we could incur liability, face overly restrictive regulatory actions, or incur other harm to our business. Additionally, artificial intelligence-based software is increasingly being used in our business and in the biopharmaceutical industry generally. As with many developing technologies, artificial intelligence-based software presents risks and challenges that could affect its further development, adoption, and use, and therefore our business. For example, algorithms employed by such software may be flawed; data sets may be insufficient, of poor quality, or contain biased information; and inappropriate or controversial data practices could impair the accuracy and usefulness of the results. If our analyses assisted by artificial intelligence applications are deficient or inaccurate, we could be subject to competitive harm, potential legal liability, and brand or reputational harm. Furthermore, use of artificial intelligence-based software may lead to the inadvertent release of confidential information which may impact our ability to realize the benefit of our intellectual property and expose us to liability and brand or reputational harm. 2025 Annual Report 41 Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property and Data Privacy If any of the agreements under which we license or acquired intellectual property rights are breached or terminated, we could lose our rights to continue to develop, manufacture, and sell the products covered by such agreements. Our business depends upon our continuing ability to exploit our intellectual property rights acquired from third parties under product license and purchase agreements covering drugs or other products or technology. We may be required to license additional intellectual property owned by third parties to continue to develop and commercialize our products. This dependence on intellectual property developed by others involves the following risks: • We may be unable to obtain rights to intellectual property that we need for our business at a reasonable cost or at all; • If any of our product licenses or purchase agreements are terminated, we may lose our rights to develop, make, and sell the products to which such licenses or agreements relate; • Our rights to develop and market products to which the intellectual property relates are frequently limited to specific territories and fields of use (such as the treatment of particular diseases); and • If a licensor of intellectual property fails to maintain the intellectual property licensed, we may lose any ability to prevent others from developing or marketing similar products covered by such intellectual property. In addition, we may be forced to incur substantial costs to maintain the intellectual property ourselves or take legal action seeking to force the licensor to do so. Our intellectual property rights may not effectively deter competitors from developing competing products that, if successful, could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and profits. The period under which our commercial and developmental therapies are protected by our patent rights is limited. Our patents related to our individual treprostinil-based products expire at various times through 2042. We entered into settlement agreements with certain generic drug companies permitting them to launch generic versions of Remodulin in the United States and other companies to launch generic versions of Nebulized Tyvaso and Orenitram in the United States. In some instances, the FTC has brought actions against brand and generic companies that have entered into such agreements, alleging that they violate antitrust laws. Even in the absence of an FTC challenge, other governmental or private litigants may assert antitrust or other claims against us relating to such agreements. We have been sued by Sandoz for violating our settlement agreement with them and we have accrued a liability of $74.1 million in connection with such suit, reflecting the final judgment and post-judgment interest accrued through the end of 2025, although our ultimate liability may be greater. Other actions against us in the future could result in significant monetary judgments and the imposition of other penalties against us. A U.S. patent for Adcirca for the treatment of pulmonary hypertension expired in November 2017, and FDA-conferred regulatory exclusivity expired in May 2018, leading to the launch of a generic version of Adcirca in August 2018. We have no issued patents or pending patent applications covering the Unituxin drug product. For further details, see Part I, Item 1—Business—Patents and Other Proprietary Rights, Strategic Licenses, and Market Exclusivity—Generic Competition and Challenges to our Intellectual Property Rights. We cannot be sure that our existing or any new patents will effectively deter or delay competitors’ efforts to bring new products to market, or that additional patent applications will result in new patents. When our patents expire, competitors may develop generic versions of our products and market them at a lower price. Competitors may also seek to design around our patents or exclude patented methods of treatment, such as patent-protected indications, from the label for generic versions of our products in an effort to develop competing products that do not infringe our patents. In addition, patent laws of foreign jurisdictions may not protect our patent rights to the same extent as the United States’ laws. Third parties have challenged, and may in the future challenge, the validity of our patents, through patent litigation and/or initiating proceedings, including re-examinations, IPRs, post-grant reviews, and interference proceedings, before the USPTO or other applicable patent filing offices, or other means. For example, Liquidia is challenging various patents related to Nebulized Tyvaso and our other treprostinil-related products, and has successfully challenged some of them. Patent litigation can be time consuming, distracting, and costly, and the outcome may be difficult to predict and unfavorable to us. If we are unsuccessful in the defense of our patents, our business could be negatively impacted. We also rely on trade secrets to protect our proprietary know-how and other confidential technological advances. Our confidentiality agreements with our employees and others to whom we disclose trade secrets and confidential information may not necessarily prevent our trade secrets from being used or disclosed without our authorization, as we allege happened in our lawsuit against Liquidia and Dr. Roscigno. These agreements may be difficult, time-consuming, and expensive to enforce or may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized disclosure. If our trade secrets were lawfully obtained or independently developed by a competitor, we would have no right to prevent such third party, or those to whom they communicate such technology or information, from using that technology or information to compete with us, and our business and competitive position could be harmed. 42 United Therapeutics, a public benefit corporation Third parties have alleged, and may in the future allege, that our products or services infringe their patents and other intellectual property rights, which could result in the payment of royalties that negatively affect our profits, subject us to costly and time-consuming litigation, or cause us to lose the ability to sell the related products. To the extent third-party patents to which we currently do not hold licenses are necessary for us to manufacture, use, or sell our products, we would need to obtain necessary licenses to prevent infringement. For products or services that utilize intellectual property of strategic collaborators or other suppliers, such suppliers may have an obligation to secure the needed license to these patents at their cost; if not, we would be responsible for the cost of these licenses. Royalty payments and other fees under these licenses would erode our profits from the sale of related products and services. Moreover, we may be unable to obtain these licenses on acceptable terms or at all. If we fail to obtain a required license or are unable to alter the design of the product to avoid infringing a third-party patent, we would be unable to continue to manufacture or sell related products. If a third party commences legal action against us for infringement, we may incur significant costs to defend ourselves against the claims made in the action and our management’s attention could be diverted from our day-to-day business operations, whether or not the action has merit. An adverse judgment or settlement resulting from the action could require us to pay substantial amounts in damages for infringement or to obtain a license to continue to use the intellectual property that is the subject of the infringement claim, or could result in injunctive relief limiting our ability to develop, manufacture, or sell our products. In April 2025, Liquidia initiated litigation against us alleging that Tyvaso DPI infringes a patent assigned to Liquidia. While we believe we have meritorious defenses and will vigorously defend against these claims, this litigation could be time consuming and ultimately may not be resolved in our favor, in which case, we could be required to pay substantial damages. Cybersecurity incidents and other disruptions impacting our networks, systems, or data may have a material adverse effect on our business. We are increasingly dependent on information technology systems and infrastructure, much of which is outsourced to third parties including in cloud-based platforms. We collect, store, and use sensitive or confidential data, including intellectual property, our proprietary business information and that of our suppliers, patients, healthcare providers, and business partners, and personally identifiable information. We recently launched a new patient relations program, United Therapeutics Cares, which has increased our access to sensitive information about our patients. Actual or alleged cybersecurity incidents, including those caused by employee error, malfeasance, system failures, malware, ransomware, viruses, distributed denial of services attacks, credential harvesting, social engineering, and other forms of unauthorized access or disclosure to, or disrupting the operation of, our networks and systems or those of our customers, suppliers,

--- VENDORS ---
vendors, and other service providers, can cause the loss, destruction, or unauthorized access or disclosure of data, including personal information of employees or confidential or proprietary information, disruption of our

--- MANUFACTURING ---
contract manufacturer, Gilero LLC, which was later acquired by Sanner GmbH, obtained FDA clearance for a cartridge to be used with the MS-3 pump for subcutaneous infusion of Remodulin. As discussed below under Remunity and RemunityPRO Pumps , our Remunity and RemunityPRO Pumps are now the primary infusion systems used to deliver Remodulin subcutaneously. ICU Medical has also discontinued the CADD-Legacy system, and has made an alternative pump, the CADD-Solis™, available for intravenous infusion of Remodulin. There are side effects associated with Remodulin. For example, when infused subcutaneously, Remodulin causes varying degrees of infusion site pain and reaction (redness and swelling) in most patients. Patients who cannot tolerate the infusion site pain related to the use of subcutaneous Remodulin may instead use intravenous Remodulin. Intravenous Remodulin is delivered continuously through a surgically implanted central venous catheter, similar to Veletri and generic epoprostenol. Patients who receive therapy through implanted venous catheters have a risk of developing bloodstream infections and a serious systemic infection known as sepsis. Other common side effects associated with both subcutaneous and intravenous Remodulin include headache, diarrhea, nausea, jaw pain, vasodilation, and edema. Remodulin may require dilution prior to administration based on factors such as patient weight, desired dose, and desired infusion rate. Dilution may be performed with multiple approved sterile diluent solutions, as specified in the full prescribing information. To provide patients with a reliable supply of diluent solution, we manufacture and distribute Sterile Diluent for Remodulin, a high-pH glycine diluent. Remunity and RemunityPRO Pumps In February 2021, we launched commercial sales of the Remunity Pump, which is a semi-disposable system for subcutaneous delivery of treprostinil that we developed in collaboration with DEKA Research & Development Corp. ( DEKA ) under an exclusive development and license agreement. The Remunity Pump consists of a small, lightweight, durable pump and controller designed to have a service life of at least three years. The Remunity Pump uses disposable cassettes filled with Remodulin, which can be connected to the pump with less patient manipulation than is typically involved in filling other currently available subcutaneous pumps. In November 2019, we entered into a supply agreement with an affiliate of DEKA to manufacture and supply the Remunity Pump to us. Under the terms of the agreement, we reimburse all of DEKA’s and its affiliates’ costs to manufacture the Remunity Pump. 6 United Therapeutics, a public benefit corporation In January 2025, DEKA obtained FDA clearance of a new version of the Remunity Pump, which is intended to improve the patient experience by making the pump easier to use and will be offered only as a patient-filled device. We launched this new system, called RemunityPRO, in September 2025. The majority of patients being treated with subcutaneous Remodulin in the United States are now using the Remunity or RemunityPRO Pump, and we believe that it is the only subcutaneous infusion system widely available in the United States for newly prescribed treprostinil patients, although a limited number of refurbished MS-3 pumps may be available for use with generic treprostinil. The Remunity and RemunityPRO Pumps are classified by the U.S. Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services ( CMS ) as durable medical equipment. Net product sales of Remodulin include sales of the Remunity and RemunityPRO Pumps. Orenitram Orenitram is the only FDA-approved, orally-administered prostacyclin analogue, and is the only oral PAH prostacyclin class therapy approved in the United States that is titratable to a maximum tolerated dose without a dose ceiling. We sell Orenitram to the same specialty pharmaceutical distributors in the United States that distribute Tyvaso DPI, Nebulized Tyvaso, and Remodulin. We recognized $496.9 million, $434.3 million, and $359.4 million in Orenitram net product sales, representing 16 percent, 15 percent, and 15 percent of our total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. In 2013, the FDA approved Orenitram for the treatment of PAH patients to improve exercise capacity. The primary study that supported efficacy of Orenitram was a 12-week monotherapy study in which PAH patients were not on any approved background PAH therapy. In August 2018, we announced that our clinical study of Orenitram called FREEDOM-EV had met its primary endpoint of delayed time to first clinical worsening event. In particular, the preliminary results showed that Orenitram, when taken with an oral PAH background therapy, decreased the risk of a clinical worsening event versus placebo by 25 percent (p=0.0391), driven by a 61 percent decrease in the risk of disease progression for patients taking Orenitram, when compared to placebo (p=0.0002). In October 2019, the FDA approved a supplement to the Orenitram NDA to update the product’s label to reflect the FREEDOM-EV results. As a result, Orenitram is indicated to delay disease progression and improve exercise capacity. Secondary endpoints in the FREEDOM-EV study included changes from baseline in six-minute walk distance ( 6MWD ), Borg dyspnea score (shortness of breath test), functional class, NT-proBNP levels, and combined 6MWD and Borg dyspnea score. Secondary endpoint data, which are not included in the updated FDA-approved labeling, are summarized below: • Change in 6MWD : The median 6MWD trended toward improvement at week 24 (Hodges-Lehmann treatment estimate: seven meters). Median 6MWD improved with Orenitram at weeks 36 (13 meters) and 48 (21 meters) compared to placebo. • Change in Borg dyspnea score and WHO functional class : When classified categorically as “improved,” “no change,” or “deteriorated,” participants in the Orenitram group exhibited a significantly positive shift in Borg dyspnea score and WHO functional class compared to placebo at weeks 24, 36, and 48. • Change in NT-proBNP levels : NT-proBNP levels were significantly improved with Orenitram at weeks 24 and 36. Per the study protocol, NT-proBNP was not assessed at week 48. • Change in combined 6MWD and Borg dyspnea score : Combined 6MWD and Borg dyspnea score was significantly improved with Orenitram when assessed at week 24 compared to placebo. Sixty-eight percent of the initial FREEDOM-EV participants enrolled in an open-label extension ( OLE ) study to further assess Orenitram’s tolerability, efficacy, and survival. Participants randomized to placebo in the initial FREEDOM-EV study who initiated Orenitram therapy after clinical worsening and tolerated treatment through week 48 demonstrated 6MWD improvement of 84 meters (p<0.0001), favorable shifts in functional class (p<0.0001), and a reduction in NT-proBNP of 778 pg/mL (p=0.03), compared to OLE baseline. Modest trends toward benefit were also measured at week 48 for those initially assigned placebo who did not have clinical worsening. Patients initially assigned to the active Orenitram group who did not have clinical worsening and who continued Orenitram during the OLE study were stable at week 48. Mortality rates were similar between Orenitram and placebo groups at the end of randomized treatment. However, in participants for whom data are available (89 percent), Orenitram was associated with a 36 percent decreased risk of mortality compared with placebo at study closure (p=0.013). These mortality data are not reflected in the FDA-approved labeling because they include data accrued in the OLE study. In 2020, we published the results of a retrospective study in which a competing therapy, selexipag, was associated with 67 percent higher PAH-associated healthcare costs on average, during the first six months of therapy, compared to Orenitram. Selexipag and Orenitram are the only FDA-approved oral prostacyclin-class therapies. The studies that established efficacy included predominately patients with functional class II-III symptoms and etiologies of idiopathic or heritable PAH (66 percent) or PAH associated with connective tissue disease (26 percent). The most common side effects observed in our clinical studies were headache, nausea, and diarrhea. Orenitram is currently only approved in the United States. 2025 Annual Report 7 Adcirca Adcirca is a PDE-5 inhibitor, the active pharmaceutical ingredient of which is tadalafil. Tadalafil is also the active pharmaceutical ingredient in Cialis®, which is marketed by Eli Lilly and Company ( Lilly ) for the treatment of erectile dysfunction. We acquired the commercial rights to Adcirca for the treatment of PAH in the United States from Lilly in 2008. We sell Adcirca at prices established by Lilly. We recognized $30.0 million, $23.8 million, and $28.9 million in Adcirca net product sales, representing one percent of our total revenues for each of the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023. In 2009, the FDA approved Adcirca with a recommended dose of 40 mg, making it the only once-daily PDE-5 inhibitor for the treatment of PAH. Adcirca is indicated to improve exercise ability in patients with PAH. Studies establishing effectiveness included predominately patients with functional class II-III symptoms. Headaches were the most commonly reported side effect. The current term of our Adcirca license agreement expires December 31, 2026. Product to Treat Cancer — Unituxin In March 2015, the FDA approved our biologics license application ( BLA ) for Unituxin, in combination with granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor, interleukin-2, and 13-cis-retinoic acid, for the treatment of patients with high-risk neuroblastoma (a rare form of pediatric cancer) who achieve at least a partial response to prior first-line multiagent, multimodality therapy. Unituxin is a chimeric monoclonal antibody composed of a combination of mouse and human DNA that induces antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity, a mechanism of cell-mediated immunity whereby the immune system actively targets a cell that has been bound by specific antibodies. Unituxin therapy is associated with severe side effects, including infections, infusion reactions, hypokalemia, hypotension, pain, fever, and capillary leak syndrome. Unituxin has also been approved in Canada and Japan. We recognized $226.8 million, $238.7 million, and $198.9 million in Unituxin net product sales, representing seven percent, eight percent, and nine percent of our total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. Research and Development We focus our research and development efforts on the following pipeline programs. We also engage in a variety of additional research and development efforts, including efforts to develop new and improved devices to deliver our current commercial products and other small molecule therapies, some of which are intended for once-daily or as-needed administration, for a variety of pulmonary indications. In addition, we are developing technologies designed to increase the supply of transplantable organs and organ alternatives and improve outcomes for transplant recipients through xenotransplantation, regenerative medicine, and ex vivo lung perfusion. Select Pipeline Programs Product Mode of Administration Indication Current Status STUDY NAME Our Territory Nebulized Tyvaso (treprostinil) Inhaled IPF Phase 3 TETON 1 and TETON 2 studies Worldwide Nebulized Tyvaso (treprostinil) Inhaled PPF Phase 3 TETON PPF study Worldwide Ralinepag (IP receptor agonist) Oral PAH Phase 3 ADVANCE OUTCOMES study Worldwide Nebulized Tyvaso — TETON studies On September 2, 2025, we announced that the TETON 2 phase 3 study of Nebulized Tyvaso in patients with IPF met its primary efficacy endpoint of demonstrating improvement in absolute forced vital capacity ( FVC ) relative to placebo. Nebulized Tyvaso demonstrated superiority over placebo for the change in absolute FVC by 95.6 mL (Hodges-Lehmann estimate, p <0.0001) from baseline to week 52 in patients with IPF. Benefits of Nebulized Tyvaso were observed across all subgroups, such as use of background therapy (nintedanib, pirfenidone, or no background therapy), smoking status, and supplemental oxygen use. Statistically significant improvements relative to placebo were also observed in most secondary endpoints, including time to first clinical worsening event, as well as changes from baseline to week 52 in percent predicted FVC, King’s Brief Interstitial Lung Disease quality of life questionnaire, and diffusion capacity of lungs for carbon monoxide. While not statistically significant, both time to first acute exacerbation of IPF and overall survival at week 52 trended in favor of Nebulized Tyvaso. 8 United Therapeutics, a public benefit corporation Treatment with Nebulized Tyvaso was well-tolerated, and the safety profile was consistent with previous Nebulized Tyvaso studies and known prostacyclin-related adverse events. No new safety signal was seen. The TETON 2 study enrolled 597 patients and was conducted outside the United States and Canada. A second phase 3 study of Nebulized Tyvaso in IPF patients, called TETON 1 , enrolled 598 patients in the United States and Canada. We intend to use the data from both the TETON 2 study and the ongoing TETON 1 study to support a supplemental NDA to the FDA to add IPF to the labeled indications for Nebulized Tyvaso. Data readout from TETON 1 is expected late in the first quarter, or early in the second quarter, of 2026. The TETON 1 and TETON 2 studies were prompted by data from the INCREASE study of Nebulized Tyvaso for the treatment of PH-ILD, which demonstrated in a post-hoc analysis that treatment with Nebulized Tyvaso resulted in significant improvements in percent predicted FVC at weeks 8 and 16, with subjects having an underlying etiology of IPF showing the greatest improvement (week 8: 2.5 percent; p=0.038 and week 16: 3.5 percent; p=0.015). Further, OLE data published in 2023 showed that these improvements in FVC were sustained for at least 64 weeks. For those patients who received placebo during the INCREASE study, marked improvements in FVC were observed following transition to Nebulized Tyvaso during the OLE study. These data points, combined with substantial preclinical evidence of antifibrotic activity of treprostinil and the results of the TETON 2 study, suggest that Nebulized Tyvaso may offer a treatment option for patients with IPF. We believe there are approximately 100,000 IPF patients in the United States. We are also conducting a phase 3 study of Nebulized Tyvaso called TETON PPF for the treatment of progressive pulmonary fibrosis ( PPF ); we enrolled the first patient in TETON PPF in October 2023. The primary endpoint of the TETON PPF study is the change in absolute FVC from baseline to week 52. The TETON PPF study was also prompted by a post-hoc analysis of data from the INCREASE study. PPF is a group of ILD conditions that exhibit progressive, self-sustaining fibrosis, and a similar disease course to IPF. PPF includes idiopathic interstitial pneumonias, autoimmune ILDs, chronic fibrosing hypersensitivity pneumonitis, and fibrotic ILDs related to environmental/occupational exposure. We are targeting enrollment of 698 patients in the TETON PPF study. We believe the U.S. PPF population is similar in size to the IPF population, although it could be larger as some estimates indicate the U.S. population exceeds 180,000 patients. We and our distributors will also consider seeking amendments to the marketing authorizations for Nebulized Tyvaso in other countries where it is approved, to include IPF and/or PPF indications, and we will also consider seeking approval of Nebulized Tyvaso for these indications in countries where it is not yet approved. Both the FDA and the European Medicines Agency have granted orphan designation for treprostinil to treat IPF, but not for PPF. Treprostinil SMI We are developing a version of inhaled treprostinil that will be a drug-device combination consisting of treprostinil solution and a device known as a soft mist inhaler ( SMI ). SMI devices are propellant-free, hand-held mechanical devices that deliver an aerosol cloud of medication via a single breath. SMI devices would be more convenient for our patients than the current Tyvaso nebulizer, which requires several breaths using a much larger device that needs electricity. SMI devices are pocket-sized and disposable, and would be delivered pre-filled with drug product, ready to use, without the need to fill it every day like a nebulizer. SMI devices could also provide a favorable adverse event profile compared to dry powder inhalers. We are targeting the same indications for which Nebulized Tyvaso is already approved (PAH and PH-ILD), as well as those for which we plan to seek FDA approval in the future (IPF and PPF). Additionally, we are planning a phase 2 study of treprostinil SMI to treat patients with PH-COPD. Ralinepag Ralinepag is a next-generation, once-daily, oral, extended-release, titratable, selective, and potent prostacyclin receptor agonist that we are developing for the treatment of PAH. A phase 2 study of an immediate-release formulation of ralinepag in 61 PAH patients (40 patients on active ralinepag, 21 on placebo) met its primary endpoint, showing a 29.8 percent reduction (p=0.03) in median pulmonary vascular resistance ( PVR , the force or resistance that blood encounters as it flows through the blood vessels in the lungs) after 22 weeks of treatment with ralinepag compared with placebo. After participation in the phase 2 study, 45 patients entered into an OLE study to further determine if ralinepag may be safe and effective for long-term use to treat patients with PAH. The study found that ralinepag had a manageable side effect profile, with a decrease in side effects for patients who continued taking ralinepag over time. Moreover, two years after entering the OLE study, the study showed that ralinepag improved the ability to exercise as the 6MWD significantly increased by a mean of 36.3 meters (p=0.004), and over 85 percent of patients remained stable in their functional class. Additionally, hemodynamic measures (metrics to measure how well the heart is working) taken either one or two years after entering the OLE study demonstrated significant improvements (p=0.05) in both median PVR and mean pulmonary arterial pressure (the pressure in the blood vessels connecting the heart). In June 2025, we concluded enrollment of the ADVANCE OUTCOMES study, which is a phase 3, event-driven clinical trial of an extended-release formulation of ralinepag in PAH patients with a primary endpoint of time to first clinical worsening event. ADVANCE OUTCOMES is a global, multi-center, placebo-controlled trial that includes patients on approved oral background PAH therapies. We continued accruing clinical worsening events in this study through the end of 2025, and plan to release topline data from the study late in the first quarter, or early in the second quarter, of 2026. 2025 Annual Report 9 If approved and launched, we expect ralinepag’s once-daily dosing profile to position it favorably compared with Uptravi (selexipag), which is a twice-daily IP-receptor agonist marketed by Johnson & Johnson for the treatment of PAH. In 2025, Johnson & Johnson reported global sales of Uptravi of over $1.9 billion, including over $1.5 billion in U.S. sales, reflecting a growth rate of approximately 5 percent over 2024. Assuming the ADVANCE OUTCOMES study is successful, we plan to develop an oral triple-combination therapy consisting of ralinepag, an endothelin receptor antagonist, and a PDE-5 inhibitor. Manufactured Organs and Organ Alternatives Each year, end-stage organ failure kills millions of people. A significant number of these patients could have benefited from an organ transplant. Unfortunately, the number of usable, donated organs available for transplantation has not grown significantly over the past half century, while the need has soared. Our long-term goals are aimed at addressing this shortage. With advances in technology, we believe that creating an unlimited supply of tolerable manufactured organs and organ alternatives is now principally an engineering challenge, and we are dedicated to finding engineering solutions. We are engaged in research and development of a variety of technologies designed to increase the supply of transplantable organs and tissues and to improve outcomes for transplant recipients through xenotransplantation, regenerative medicine, and ex vivo lung perfusion. While we continue to develop and commercialize therapies for rare and life-threatening conditions, we view manufactured organs and organ alternatives as complementary solutions for a broad array of diseases, many of which (such as PAH and PH-ILD) have proven incurable to date despite the availability of pharmaceutical and biologic therapies. For this reason, we included the development of “ technologies that expand the availability of transplantable organs ” as part of our express public benefit purpose when we converted United Therapeutics to a PBC in 2021. Xenotransplantation Our xenotransplantation program includes three development-stage organ products known as “xenografts”, which are intended to be transplanted from gene-edited pigs into humans. The UKidney™ is a development-stage kidney from a pig with ten gene edits to support organ functioning in the human body. Six human genes were added to the pig genome to facilitate immune acceptance of the organ, while four genes were inactivated: three that contribute to porcine organ rejection in humans and one that can cause organ growth beyond what is normal for humans. The UHeart™ is a heart from the same pig with ten gene edits. The UThymoKidney™ is a development-stage kidney from a pig with a single gene edit, together with tissue from the pig’s thymus. The pig’s thymus tissue is intended to condition the recipient’s immune system to recognize the UThymoKidney as “self” and reduce the likelihood of rejection. The single gene that is disrupted in the pig is responsible for the synthesis of alpha-gal, a sugar on the surface of cells that can cause immediate rejection of a porcine organ when transplanted into the human body. Because tissues from pigs containing this gene edit do not contain detectable levels of the alpha-gal sugar, we refer to materials derived from this pig as GalSafe®. In December 2020, the GalSafe pig was approved by the FDA for use as human food and as a potential source for biomedical purposes. Meat from GalSafe pigs is currently being provided to individuals with alpha-gal syndrome, an allergy to meat caused by a bite from the lone star tick. This approval marked only the second FDA approval of a gene-edited animal as a source of food, and the first such approval for a mammal. Johns Hopkins University ( JHU ), New York University ( NYU ), the University of Alabama at Birmingham ( UAB ), and the University of Maryland, Baltimore ( UMB ) performed preclinical testing of our porcine xenografts in animal models. In addition, we worked with NYU and UAB to employ innovative preclinical human models to obtain insights into how xenografts function inside the human body. In January 2025, the FDA cleared our Investigational New Drug application ( IND ) related to the EXPAND study of our UKidney product. This study is expected to enroll an initial cohort of six end-stage renal disease ( ESRD ) patients, expanding to up to 50 participants, and we intend to use the results of this study to support a BLA with the FDA. This study is designed as a combination phase 1/2/3 trial (sometimes referred to as a “phaseless” study) to evaluate safety and efficacy seamlessly without moving through separate phase 1, phase 2, and phase 3 studies that are typically associated with conventional drug approvals. The first transplant in this study occurred in the fourth quarter of 2025, and the study is ongoing. In July 2025, we submitted an IND to the FDA related to our anticipated EXTEND clinical study of our UThymoKidney product. In August 2025, the FDA cleared this IND, enabling us to commence this study, which we expect will be similar in size and scope to the EXPAND study described above. In February 2024, we completed a designated pathogen-free ( DPF ) facility in Virginia. We expect this DPF facility to supply xenografts compliant with FDA current Good Manufacturing Practices ( cGMP ) for human clinical trials, with a target capacity of up to 125 organs per year. We are constructing two additional DPF facilities in Minnesota and Texas. While we believe these DPF facilities will be capable of producing organs for commercial use, we are also planning to build additional and potentially larger cGMP DPF facilities for commercial use. While these projects will be capital-intensive, the timing and volume of these expenditures will be staggered and paced in a manner intended to balance our need to address market 10 United Therapeutics, a public benefit corporation demand as soon as possible following FDA approval with the need to defer the most significant capital expenditures until we achieve certain clinical trial milestones. Additional key accomplishments in our xenotransplantation program include the following: • First Successful Xenotransplants of Porcine Hearts. University of Maryland School of Medicine ( UMSOM ) surgeons transplanted UHearts into two living human patients. Each of these procedures were authorized by the FDA on a single-patient, expanded access (also called “compassionate use”) basis, and marked the first known examples of transplanting whole organs from gene-edited pigs to humans. The FDA’s compassionate use regulations allow a physician to apply to use an unapproved product outside of a clinical trial to treat an individual patient with a serious or immediately life-threatening disease or condition when no satisfactory alternative therapy is available. The first patient, who received a xenotransplant in January 2022, survived for approximately two months with the UHeart. In June 2022, data from this procedure were published in the New England Journal of Medicine . The second patient, who received a xenotransplant in September 2023, survived for approximately six weeks with the UHeart. We and our collaborators continue to evaluate data from these human transplants. • First Successful Transplantation of Porcine Thymokidney. In April 2024, surgeons at NYU Langone Health transplanted a UThymoKidney into a living patient under an FDA authorization for compassionate use. The patient was suffering from heart and kidney failure, and received a left ventricular assist device to stabilize heart function prior to the UThymoKidney transplant. The procedure marked the first known transplantation of a thymokidney into a human, the first known transplantation of a gene-edited porcine kidney into a human using only FDA-cleared immunosuppression drugs, and the first known procedure combining the use of a heart pump with a transplanted porcine xenokidney. After 47 days, surgeons electively removed the UThymoKidney and returned the patient to dialysis. According to NYU Langone Health, the UThymoKidney had sustained significant injury from episodes of insufficient blood flow due to reduced blood pressure generated by the heart pump and, on balance, was no longer contributing enough to justify continuing the patient’s immunosuppression regimen. NYU Langone Health noted that a biopsy of the UThymoKidney did not show signs of rejection. • Second Successful Transplantation of a Porcine Kidney. In November 2024, surgeons at NYU Langone Health transplanted a UKidney into a living patient under an FDA authorization for compassionate use. In March 2025, the patient developed an infection unrelated to the transplant that led to the reduction of immunosuppression drugs and the rejection of the organ. As a result, the UKidney was removed and the patient returned to dialysis. The UKidney performed well for over four months. • Successful UKidney and UHeart Tests in Preclinical Human Models. In 2021, surgeons at NYU and UAB tested UThymoKidneys and UKidneys from our gene-edited pigs in brain-dead organ donors maintained on artificial support, providing preclinical evidence that gene-edited pig organs could transcend the most proximate immunological barriers to xenotransplantation. These studies using a preclinical human decedent model were conducted in brain-dead organ donors whose organs were determined to be ineligible for donation, with the consent of each donor’s family. Results of the UAB experiments were published in the American Journal of Transplantation in January 2022 and the Journal of Clinical Investigation in January 2024, and results of the NYU experiments were published in the New England Journal of Medicine in May 2022. In June and July 2022, NYU surgeons tested two UHearts from our gene-edited pigs in brain-dead organ donors maintained on artificial support. In each case, normal function was observed for our UHearts over a three-day study period, without signs of early rejection. The results were published in Nature Medicine in July 2023. In September 2023, NYU surgeons completed a 61-day study of a UThymoKidney in a brain-dead organ donor maintained on artificial support. At the time, this experiment marked the longest documented case of a xenotransplanted organ functioning in a human body. Regenerative Medicine • Miromatrix . In December 2023, we acquired Miromatrix Medical Inc. ( Miromatrix ), a company based in Minnesota focused on the development of new technologies for generating manufactured kidneys and liver alternatives composed of human primary cells. The development-stage Miromatrix external liver assist product, called miroliver ELAP ®, uses a decellularized porcine liver matrix that has been seeded with human-derived cells and an extracorporeal blood circuit to maintain liver support in patients experiencing acute liver failure. Miromatrix first used its decellularization technology to successfully develop two acellular products, MiroMesh® and MiroDerm®, which received FDA 510(k) clearance for hernia repair and wound care applications, respectively, and which were later spun off by Miromatrix. In January 2026 we announced that Miromatrix completed a phase 1 study of miroliver ELAP in patients with acute liver failure. This study, which was the first human clinical trial of a manufactured organ alternative, met its primary endpoint. Miromatrix is planning to commence a phase 2 study. Miromatrix is also developing miroliver®, a fully implantable manufactured liver alternative product, and mirokidney®, a fully implantable manufactured kidney alternative product, both of which are based on decellularized porcine organ scaffolds that have been reseeded with human-derived cells. Initially the Miromatrix products are intended to be made with cells from a human donor other than the recipient (also called “allogeneic” cells), requiring the use of standard immunosuppression protocols. Future versions may be based on the patient’s own cells (known as “autologous” cells), reducing or eliminating the need for immunosuppression drugs. 2025 Annual Report 11 • ULobe™ . The ULobe is a development-stage engineered lung lobe alternative made using a porcine lung scaffold that is decellularized and then re-cellularized with allogeneic human cells. In 2025, our Regenerative Medicine Laboratory in Research Triangle Park, North Carolina ( RTP ) produced 830 decellularized lung scaffolds, 345 recellularized lungs, and 1.65 trillion human cells for use in recellularization. • ULung™ . The ULung is a development-stage engineered lung alternative composed of a three-dimensional ( 3D ) printed lung scaffold cellularized with either allogeneic or autologous human lung cells, with the goal of reducing or eliminating the need for immunosuppression. The lung scaffold used in the ULung is printed using 3D printers being developed in collaboration with 3D Systems, Inc. Our Organ Manufacturing Group, located in Manchester, New Hampshire, has achieved recognition for developing the world’s most complex 3D printed object. Its lung scaffold designs consist of a record 44 trillion voxels that lay out 4,000 kilometers of pulmonary capillaries and 200 million alveoli, which demonstrate gas exchange in preclinical models. Under our agreement with 3D Systems, we also have the exclusive right to develop additional human solid organ alternatives using 3D Systems’ printing technology. • IVIVA . In October 2023, we completed the acquisition of IVIVA Medical, Inc. ( IVIVA ), a preclinical stage company based in Massachusetts, focused on bio-artificial manufactured kidney alternative products. IVIVA’s preclinical implantable kidney alternative product uses autologous cells to mimic important physiological functions of native kidneys in recipients to support their native kidney function without the need for immunosuppression. The product is designed to replace the need for external kidney dialysis. Ex Vivo Lung Perfusion Our ex vivo lung perfusion ( EVLP ) program uses the first FDA-approved acellular EVLP technology on the market, the XVIVO Perfusion System ( XPS ™) with Steen Solution™ Perfusate, to offer the only commercially-available centralized EVLP service in the United States. EVLP technology increases the number of transplantable lungs by giving surgeons the ability to assess the function of donor lungs to determine if the lungs are suitable for transplantation. This allows for the transplantation of lungs that would have otherwise not been transplanted. Centralized EVLP services make EVLP available to small and large transplant centers and remove barriers to the transplantation process to optimize organ utilization and increase the supply of transplantable lungs. Our wholly-owned subsidiary, Lung Bioengineering Inc., provides commercial EVLP services on a fee-for-service basis to transplant centers through dedicated facilities located in Silver Spring, Maryland and Jacksonville, Florida, using the XPS System. In 2024, Lung Bioengineering completed a registrational study of another centralized EVLP technology called the Centralized Lung Evaluation System ( CLES ) and submitted a premarket approval application to the FDA in September 2024 for commercial approval of CLES, which is under review by the FDA. Over 730 patients have received lung transplants following use of our centralized EVLP service. Sustainable Delivery of Organs and Organ Alternatives Together with our work on therapeutic interventions, we are working with third parties to develop scalable technologies to efficiently deliver an unlimited supply of manufactured organs and organ alternatives to transplant centers and waiting patients, while minimizing environmental impact. Our organ delivery research efforts are focused on the development of piloted and autonomous electric vertical take-off and landing aircraft systems to quickly, reliably, and sustainably deliver organs and organ alternatives from manufacturing facilities to transplant centers. Beginning in 2017, we entered into a series of agreements with BETA Technologies, Inc. to support the development of all-electric aircraft to help us meet our future distribution requirements for manufactured organs and organ alternatives. In October 2021, we successfully completed the first-ever drone delivery of a human lung for transplant at Toronto General Hospital, demonstrati ng the feasibility of our goal of delivering our manufactured organs and organ alternatives with zero carbon footprint aircraft. In October 2024, we entered into a collaboration agreement with Robinson Helicopter Company to support our efforts to develop and certify zero-emission, hydrogen-electric powered helicopters based on Robinson’s R44 and R66 helicopter models. In March 2025, we completed what we believe was the world’s first successful tes t flight of a piloted hydrogen-electric powered helicopter at our test and development facility located in Quebec. Sales and Marketing Our marketing strategy for our commercial PAH and PH-ILD products is to use our sales and marketing teams to reach out to the prescriber community to: (1) increase PAH and PH-ILD awareness; (2) increase understanding of the progressive nature of PAH and the importance of early treatment; (3) communicate the increased risks when ILD patients develop PH-ILD; and (4) increase awareness of our commercial products and how they fit into the various stages of disease progression and treatment. 12 United Therapeutics, a public benefit corporation Distribution of Commercial Products United States Distribution of Tyvaso DPI, Nebulized Tyvaso, Remodulin, Remunity and RemunityPRO Pumps, Orenitram, and Unituxin We distribute Tyvaso DPI, Nebulized Tyvaso, Remodulin, the Remunity and RemunityPRO Pumps, and Orenitram in the United States through two contracted specialty pharmaceutical distributors: Accredo Health Group, Inc. and its affiliates ( Accredo ) and Caremark, L.L.C. ( CVS Specialty ). T hese distributors are required to maintain certain minimum inventory levels to facilitate an uninterrupted supply to patients who are prescribed our therapies. We compensate Accredo and CVS Specialty on a fee-for-service basis for certain ancillary services in connection with the distribution of these products. If any of our distribution agreements expire or terminate, we may, under certain circumstances, be required to repurchase any unsold inventory held by our distributors. These specialty pharmaceutical distributors are responsible for assisting patients with obtaining reimbursement for the cost of our treprostinil-based products and providing other support services. Under our distribution agreements, we sell each of our treprostinil-based products to these distributors at a transfer price that we establish. We have also established patient assistance programs in the United States, which provide our treprostinil-based products to eligible uninsured or under-insured patients at no charge. Accredo and CVS Specialty assist us with the administration of these programs. We distribute Unituxin in the United States through an exclusive distribution agreement with Cencora Global Procurement Ltd ( Cencora ). Under this agreement, we sell Unituxin to Cencora at a transfer price that we establish, and we pay Cencora fees for services provided in connection with the distribution and support of Unituxin. To the extent we increase the price of any of these products, increases are typically in the single-digit percentages per year. United States Distribution of Adcirca Under our manufacturing and supply agreement with Lilly, Lilly manufactures and distributes Adcirca on our behalf through its wholesaler network in the same manner that it distributes its own pharmaceutical products. Under the terms of this agreement, we take title to Adcirca upon completion of its manufacture by Lilly. Adcirca is shipped to customers in accordance with purchase orders received by Lilly. Upon shipment, Lilly sends an invoice and collects the amount due from the customer subject to customary discounts and rebates, if any. Although Lilly provides these services on our behalf, we maintain the risk of loss as it pertains to inventory, product returns, and non-payment of invoices. The manufacturing and supply agreement will continue in effect until the December 31, 2026 expiration or earlier termination of our license agreement for Adcirca. Lilly retains authority under the license agreement for all regulatory activities with respect to Adcirca as well as its retail pricing. International Distribution of Tyvaso DPI, Nebulized Tyvaso, Remodulin, Orenitram, and Unituxin We currently sell Remodulin outside the United States to various distributors, each of which has exclusive distribution rights in one or more countries within Europe, the Middle East, Asia, and South and Central America. Our primary distributor outside the United States is Grupo Ferrer Internacional, S.A. ( Ferrer ), which holds Remodulin marketing authorization rights in many of these territories. We also sell Nebulized Tyvaso exclusively through Mochida Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. ( Mochida ), in Japan, where the product was approved to treat PAH in late 2022, and to treat PH-ILD in 2024. In addition, we sell Nebulized Tyvaso commercially to distributors that have exclusive distribution rights in various countries in Asia, the Middle East, and Latin America, where it is approved for PAH and/or PH-ILD. We also distribute Remodulin and Unituxin in Canada through a specialty pharmaceutical wholesaler. In some of the markets where we are not licensed to market Remodulin, Remodulin is available, but not marketed, on a named patient basis in which therapies are approved for individual patients by a national medical review board, hospital, or health plan on a case-by-case basis. Similar named-patient programs are also available for Nebulized Tyvaso in certain countries. We entered into exclusive agreements with Ferrer to distribute Orenitram and Nebulized Tyvaso in the territories where it also has distribution rights for Remodulin. Feedback from the EMA indicated that approval of either Orenitram or Nebulized Tyvaso would require another large c linical trial of the applicable product. As a result, we have terminated our contract with Ferrer concerning Orenitram. We plan to revisit seeking EMA approval for Nebulized Tyvaso if the TETON program is successful. In 2025, Ferrer submitted a marketing authorisation application ( MAA ) to the U.K. Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Authority ( MHRA ) seeking approval for Nebulized Tyvaso to treat PH-ILD. We distribute Unituxin in Japan exclusively through Ohara Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., which obtained Japanese marketing authorization during the second quarter of 2021. Tyvaso DPI is not yet approved or distributed in any countries outside the United States. 2025 Annual Report 13 Patents and Other Proprietary Rights, Strategic Licenses, and Market Exclusivity Our success depends in part on our ability to obtain and maintain patent protection for our products, preserve trade secrets, prevent third parties from infringing upon our proprietary rights, and operate without infringing upon the proprietary rights of others in the United States and worldwide. Many of these proprietary rights stem from licenses and other strategic relationships with third parties. In addition to intellectual property rights, U.S. and international regulatory authorities often provide periods of market exclusivity for manufacturers of biopharmaceutical products. Patents provide the owner with a right to exclude others from practicing an invention. Patents may cover the active ingredients, uses, formulations, doses, administrations, delivery mechanisms, manufacturing processes, and other aspects of a product. The period of patent protection for any given product generally depends on the expiration date of various patents and may differ from country to country according to the type of patents, the scope of coverage, and the remedies for infringement available in a country. Most of our commercial products and investigational products are protected by patents that expire on varying dates. Significant legal questions exist concerning the extent and scope of patent protection for biopharmaceutical products and processes in the United States and elsewhere. Accordingly, there is no certainty that patent applications owned or licensed by us will be issued as patents, or that our issued patents will afford meaningful protection against competitors. Once issued, patents are subject to challenge through both administrative and judicial proceedings in the United States and other countries. Such proceedings include re-examinations, inter partes reviews ( IPR ), post-grant reviews, and interference proceedings before the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, as well as opposition proceedings before the European Patent Office. Litigation may be required to enforce, defend, or obtain our patent and other intellectual property rights. Any administrative proceeding or litigation could require a significant commitment of our resources and, depending on outcome, could adversely affect the scope, validity, or enforceability of certain of our patent or other proprietary rights. Tyvaso DPI, Nebulized Tyvaso, Remodulin, and Orenitram Proprietary Rights We have issued patents and pending patent applications covering our treprostinil-based products, Tyvaso DPI, Nebulized Tyvaso, Remodulin, and Orenitram. We have two unexpired patents related to the manufacture of treprostinil that expire in 2028 and are listed in the FDA’s Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations, commonly known as the Orange Book (see Orange Book below), for Tyvaso DPI, Nebulized Tyvaso, Remodulin, and Orenitram. In addition to the treprostinil patents noted above, we have other patents specific to our individual treprostinil-based products, including the following: • Tyvaso DPI . We have two Orange Book-listed U.S. patents that we license from MannKind directed to the composition of Tyvaso DPI drug product, which expire in 2030 and 2035. We have another issued U.S. patent listed in the Orange Book directed to a method of improving exercise capacity in patients with PH-ILD expiring in 2042. We also have an issued U.S. patent listed in the Orange Book directed to a method of treating pulmonary hypertension using inhaled treprostinil expiring in 2027. Additionally, our license agreement with MannKind includes rights to a substantial portfolio of additional issued U.S. patents related to a component of the drug product and methods of making the drug product, which expire at various dates through 2035, and pending applications that, if issued, could provide protection to 2042 or beyond. • Nebulized Tyvaso. We have been granted two U.S. patents directed to a method of treating pulmonary hypertension and a kit for treating pulmonary hypertension. These two patents expire in 2028 and are listed in the Orange Book. We have also been granted a patent on methods of treating pulmonary hypertension by administering treprostinil by inhalation, which expires in 2027. This patent is also listed in the Orange Book. Additionally, we have been granted a patent directed to a method of improving exercise capacity in PH-ILD patients, which expires in 2042. • Remodulin . We have been granted three U.S. patents covering an improved diluent for Remodulin, which expire in 2028 and 2029. All three of these patents are listed in the Orange Book. • Orenitram . Our U.S. patents for Orenitram orally administered formulations, controlled moisture storage and manufacturing methods, as well as those covering controlled release formulations licensed to us by Supernus Pharmaceuticals Inc. ( Supernus ). These patents will expire in the United States between 2026 and 2031. We have international counterparts to many of the patents discussed above and additional pending U.S. and international patent applications related to Tyvaso DPI, Nebulized Tyvaso, Remodulin, and Orenitram. 14 United Therapeutics, a public benefit corporation Orange Book In seeking approval of a drug through an NDA or upon issuance of new patents following approval of an NDA, applicants are required to submit to the FDA each patent that has claims covering the applicant’s product or a method of using the product. Each of the patents submitted is then published in the Orange Book. See Governmental Regulation—Patent Term and Regulatory Exclusivity below for further details. Tyvaso DPI currently has six unexpired Orange Book-listed patents with expiration dates ranging from 2027 to 2042. Nebulized Tyvaso currently has six unexpired Orange Book-listed patents expiring at various dates from 2027 to 2042. Remodulin currently has five unexpired Orange Book-listed patents with expiration dates ranging from 2028 to 2029. Orenitram currently has twelve unexpired Orange Book listed patents with expiration dates ranging from 2026 to 2031. Additional patent applications are pending, and if granted, may be eligible for listing in the Orange Book. Regulatory Exclusivity • Tyvaso DPI and Nebulized Tyvaso. In 2010, the FDA granted orphan drug designation for Tyvaso, which resulted in an orphan exclusivity period that expired in July 2016. In March 2021, the FDA granted three-year clinical trial exclusivity for PH-ILD as a result of the INCREASE study and the expansion of the Nebulized Tyvaso label to include a PH-ILD indication. This exclusivity period covered both Nebulized Tyvaso and Tyvaso DPI for PH-ILD, and expired in March 2024 . Additionally, the FDA determined in August 2024 that we were entitled to a period of exclusivity for Nebulized Tyvaso and Tyvaso DPI based on a clinical trial conducted to obtain approval for a PH-ILD indication; this exclusivity expired on May 23, 2025. In 2004, the European Commission designated Nebulized Tyvaso an orphan medicinal product for the treatment of both PAH and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension, which would confer a ten-year exclusivity period commencing if and when we obtain marketing approval. In December 2020, the FDA granted orphan designation for treprostinil for the treatment of IPF. Thus, if we obtain FDA approval to update the Tyvaso DPI and/or Nebulized Tyvaso labeling to include an IPF indication, then the FDA should grant seven-year orphan drug exclusivity for this new indication. The EMA has also granted orphan drug designation for treprostinil to treat IPF. • Remodulin. Regulatory exclusivity for Remodulin in the United States and Europe has expired. • Orenitram. In November 2019, following approval of our supplemental NDA to reflect the FREEDOM-EV results in the Orenitram label, the FDA granted orphan exclusivity for the new indication that Orenitram delays disease progression in PAH patients. This exclusivity expires in October 2026. Supernus License In 2006, we entered into an exclusive license agreement with Supernus to use certain of its technologies in manufacturing Orenitram. Under the agreement, we paid Supernus certain amounts upon the achievement of specified milestones based on the development and commercial launch of Orenitram for PAH, and we would be obligated to make additional milestone payments if we develop Orenitram for a second indication. In addition, the agreement provides that we will pay a single-digit percentage royalty based on net worldwide sales. The term of this royalty expires during the fourth quarter of 2026. Manufactured Organ and Organ Alternative Proprietary Rights We have a large portfolio of pending patent applications and issued patents that could protect our proprietary rights in our manufactured organs and organ alternative products. We own patents, and have licensed rights under third-party patents, covering various aspects of these products; we do not view any one patent or group of patents as critical. For example, we have over 150 pending patent applications and multiple issued patents covering various aspects of our 3D organ alternative bioprinting program, and we have exclusively licensed an extensive 3D printing patent portfolio from 3D Systems for use in the field of manufacturing solid organ alternatives. Our xenotransplantation patent portfolio includes over 150 pending applications and issued patents, including nearly one hundred issued patents in the U.S. and abroad. Our regenerative medicine patent portfolio includes over 300 pending applications and issued patents. Our patent portfolio covers various aspects of our manufactured organ and organ alternative programs, including genetic constructs, manufacturing methods, end products, and components used in the manufacture of these products. The applicability of our patent portfolio to our programs will depend on the final commercial organ manufacturing products we provide and processes we use and the timing of regulatory approvals. In addition, we may rely on trade secret protection for certain aspects of our manufactured organ and organ alternative programs. Generic Competition and Challenges to our Intellectual Property Rights Remodulin—Generic Competition We settled litigation with Sandoz Inc. ( Sandoz ) related to its abbreviated new drug application ( ANDA ) seeking FDA approval to market a generic version of Remodulin and in March 2019, Sandoz announced the availability of its generic product in the United States. We have also entered into similar settlement agreements with other generic companies, some of which have also launched sales of generic versions of Remodulin. Through December 31, 2025, we have seen limited erosion of Remodulin sales as a result of generic treprostinil competition in the United States. We are currently engaged in litigation with 2025 Annual Report 15 Sandoz and its marketing partner, RareGen, LLC ( RareGen ) (now a subsidiary of Liquidia Corporation, the parent company of Liquidia Technologies, Inc. ( Liquidia )), related to the infusion devices used to administer Remodulin subcutaneously. We understand that generic treprostinil was initially launched by Sandoz/RareGen for use only by intravenous infusion. In May 2021, Sandoz/Liquidia Corporation announced that Sandoz’s generic treprostinil was made available for subcutaneous use, following FDA clearance of a cartridge that can administer the product via the MS-3 pump. In addition, Liquidia has announced it is developing a new subcutaneous infusion system for its generic treprostinil product. See Note 14— Litigation, to our consolidated financial statements included in this Report. Regulatory authorities in various European countries began approving generic versions of Remodulin in 2018, followed by pricing approvals and commercial launches in most of these countries in 2019 and 2020. As a result, our international Remodulin revenues have decreased compared to the period prior to generic launch, due to increased competition and a reduction in our contractual transfer price for Remodulin sold by certain international distributors for sales in countries in which the pricing of Remodulin is impacted by the generic competition. Nebulized Tyvaso and Orenitram—Potential Future Generic Competition We settled litigation with Watson Laboratories, Inc. ( Watson ) related to its ANDA seeking FDA approval to market a generic version of Nebulized Tyvaso before the expiration of certain of our U.S. patents. Under the settlement, Watson was permitted to market its generic version of Nebulized Tyvaso in the United States as early as January 2026, although, to date, they have not received FDA approval to do so. We also settled litigation with Actavis Laboratories FL, Inc. ( Actavis ) and ANI Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ( ANI ) related to their ANDAs seeking FDA approval to market generic versions of Orenitram before the expiration of certain of our U.S. patents. Under the settlement agreements, Actavis and ANI can market their generic versions of Orenitram in the United States beginning in June 2027 and December 2027, respectively, although either or both of them may be permitted to enter the market earlier under certain circumstances. Competition from these generic companies could reduce our net product sales and profits. See Note 14— Litigation, to our consolidated financial statements included in this Report. Liquidia—Yutrepia In May 2025, Liquidia obtained final FDA approval to market Yutrepia®, a dry powder formulation of treprostinil for inhalation, to treat PAH and PH-ILD. Liquidia announced that it launched sales of Yutrepia in June 2025. The Yutrepia NDA was submitted under the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway with Nebulized Tyvaso as the reference listed drug. Yutrepia competes directly with Tyvaso DPI, Nebulized Tyvaso, and our other treprostinil-based products. We are engaged in patent litigation with Liquidia concerning Yutrepia. Specifically, we allege that Yutrepia infringes a patent we own covering the treatment of PH-ILD to improve exercise capacity in patients suffering from PH-ILD by inhaling treprostinil at specific dosages. If we are successful in this litigation, we believe Liquidia will be required to remove PH-ILD as a labeled indication for Yutrepia until the expiration of our patent in February 2042. We are also engaged in litigation with Liquidia alleging trade secret misappropriation. In this case, we allege that a former executive of ours misappropriated trade secrets related to Tyvaso when he utilized them as an executive of Liquidia to aid in the development of Yutrepia. Finally, we are engaged in separate litigation against Liquidia alleging that Yutrepia infringes a patent that claims a method of treating pulmonary hypertension using inhaled treprostinil delivered in a specified dosage using a specified dosage regimen. This patent expires in May 2027. Liquidia has also sued us, alleging infringement of a patent with claims directed to the treatment of pulmonary hypertension by administering specified amounts of treprostinil via a dry powder inhaler in a specified number of breaths. That case is currently stayed pending developments in the trade secret misappropriation litigation described above. For further details regarding these and other litigation matters involving Liquidia and Yutrepia, please see Note 14— Litigation , to our consolidated financial statements. General We intend to vigorously enforce our intellectual property rights related to our products. However, we may not prevail in defending our patent rights, and additional challenges from other ANDA filers or other challengers may surface with respect to our products. Our patents could be invalidated, found unenforceable, or found not to cover one or more generic forms of our products. If any ANDA filer or filer of a 505(b)(2) NDA for a branded treprostinil product were to receive approval to sell its treprostinil product and/or prevail in any patent litigation, our affected product(s) would become subject to increased competition. Patent expiration, patent litigation, and competition from generic or other branded treprostinil manufacturers could have a significant, adverse impact on our treprostinil-based product revenues, our profits, and our stock price. These potential effects are inherently difficult to predict. For additional discussion, see the risk factor entitled, Our intellectual property rights may not effectively deter competitors from developing competing products that, if successful, could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and profit s, contained in Part I , Item 1A—

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials are subject to unique contamination risks, their use may be restricted in some countries. Cell-Based and Tissue-Based Products Manufacturers of cell- and tissue-based products must comply with the FDA’s current good tissue practices ( cGTP ), which are FDA regulations that govern the methods used in, and the facilities and controls used for, the manufacture of such products. The primary intent of the cGTP requirements is to ensure that cell- and tissue-based products are manufactured in a manner designed to prevent the introduction, transmission, and spread of communicable diseases. Cell and tissue-based products may also be subject to the same approval standards, including demonstration of safety and efficacy, as other biologic and drug products, if they meet certain criteria such as if the cells or tissues are more than minimally manipulated or if they are intended for a non-homologous use (a use different from the cell’s origin). 24 United Therapeutics, a public benefit corporation Regulation of Medical Devices We currently do not hold any stand-alone medical device authorizations, but we do hold FDA authorization for the inhaler and nebulizer system as part of the drug-device combination NDAs for Tyvaso DPI and Nebulized Tyvaso, respectively. In addition, our business partners have the medical device clearances required to deliver our drugs, including, for example, the Remunity and RemunityPRO Pumps and the cartridge used with the MS-3 pump. Medical devices may also be subject to FDA approval and extensive regulation under the FDC Act. Medical devices are classified into one of three classes: Class I, Class II, or Class III. A higher class indicates a greater degree of risk associated with the device and a greater amount of control needed to ensure safety and effectiveness. All devices, unless exempt by FDA regulation, must adhere to a set of general controls, including compliance with the applicable portions of the FDA’s Quality System Regulation ( QSR ), which sets forth good manufacturing practice requirements; facility registration and product listing; reporting adverse medical events; truthful and non-misleading labeling; and promotion of the device consistent with its cleared or approved intended uses. Class II and III devices are subject to additional special controls and may require FDA clearance of a premarket notification ( 510(k) ) or approval of a premarket approval application ( PMA ). Most Class I devices are exempt from FDA premarket review or approval. Class II devices, with some exceptions, must be “cleared” by the FDA through the 510(k) process, which requires a company to show that the device is “substantially equivalent” to certain “predicate” devices already on the market. To be substantially equivalent, the proposed device must have the same intended use as the predicate device, and either have the same technological characteristics as the predicate device or have different technological characteristics and not raise different questions of safety or effectiveness than the predicate device. Devices deemed by the FDA to pose the greatest risks, such as life-sustaining, life-supporting, or some implantable devices, or devices that have a new intended use, or use advanced technology that is not substantially equivalent to that of a legally-marketed device, are placed in Class III, requiring approval of a PMA application. A PMA generally requires data from clinical trials that establish the safety and effectiveness of the device. The FDA also allows the submission of a direct de novo petition. This procedure allows a manufacturer whose novel device is automatically classified into Class III to request down-classification of its medical device into Class I or Class II on the basis that the device presents low or moderate risk, rather than requiring the submission and approval of a PMA. The 510(k), de novo , and PMA processes can be expensive, lengthy, and unpredictable. The FDA’s 510(k) clearance process usually takes from three to 12 months, but can last longer. The process of obtaining a PMA approval is much more costly and uncertain than the 510(k) clearance process and generally takes from one to three years, or even longer, from the time the application is filed with the FDA. In addition, a PMA approval generally requires the performance of one or more clinical trials. Despite the time, effort, and cost invested by a sponsor, a device may not be approved or cleared by the FDA. Clinical trials for medical devices are subject to similar requirements as clinical trials with respect to drugs or biologics. Clinical trials involving significant risk devices (e.g., devices that present a potential for serious risk to the health, safety, or welfare of human subjects) are required to obtain both FDA approval of an investigational device exemption ( IDE ) application and IRB approval before study initiation. Clinical trials involving non-significant risk devices are not required to submit an IDE for FDA approval but must obtain IRB approval before study initiation. During a study, the sponsor is required to comply with the applicable FDA requirements, including, for example, trial monitoring, selecting clinical investigators and providing them with the investigational plan, ensuring IRB review, adverse event reporting, record keeping requirements, and prohibitions on the promotion of investigational devices or on making safety or effectiveness claims about them. The clinical investigators in the clinical study are also subject to FDA regulations and must obtain patient informed consent, rigorously follow the investigational plan and study protocol, control the disposition of the investigational device, and comply with all reporting and recordkeeping requirements. Additionally, after a trial begins, the sponsor, the FDA, or the IRB could suspend or terminate a clinical trial at any time for various reasons, including a belief that the risks to study subjects outweigh the anticipated benefits. After a device is cleared or approved for marketing, numerous and pervasive regulatory requirements continue to apply. These include requirements pertaining to registration and device listing; QSR manufacturing requirements; labeling regulations and promotional restrictions; and reporting of device malfunctions and death and serious injuries that may have been caused by the device. The FDA has authority to order product recalls and to require post-market surveillance. In addition, certain product modifications to 510(k)-cleared and PMA-approved devices require further clearance and approval. The FDA has broad regulatory and enforcement powers with respect to medical devices, similar to those for drugs and biologics. The FDA enforces these regulatory requirements through, among other means, periodic unannounced inspections. The Food and Drug Omnibus Reform Act gives the FDA authority to request medical device facility records in advance of, or in lieu of, inspections. Any failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements could result in enforcement action by the FDA, which may include sanctions such as: • adverse publicity, warning letters, untitled letters, it has come to our attention letters, fines, injunctions, consent decrees, and civil penalties; • repair, replacement, refunds, recall, or seizure of products; 2025 Annual Report 25 • operating restrictions, partial suspension, or total shutdown of production; • denial of requests for regulatory clearance or PMA approval of new products or services, new intended uses, or modifications to existing products or services; • withdrawal of regulatory clearance or PMA approvals that have already been granted; or • criminal prosecution. The FDA also administers certain controls over the import and export of medical devices to and from the United States. Additionally, each foreign country subjects medical devices to its own regulatory requirements. Medical devices are CE marked and placed on the market in the EU at the discretion and on the liability of their manufacturer following a conformity assessment process that may include the participation of a notified body. States also impose regulatory requirements on medical device manufacturers and distributors. Failure to comply with the applicable federal or state requirements could result in, among other things: (1) fines, injunctions, and civil penalties; (2) recall or seizure of products; (3) operating restrictions, partial suspension, or total shutdown of manufacturing; (4) refusing requests for approval of new products; (5) withdrawing approvals already granted; and (6) criminal prosecution. Combination Products A combination product is a product that combines two or more FDA-regulated product components or products, e.g., a drug-device or a device-biologic. A combination product can take a variety of forms, such as a single item made by physically or chemically combining components, or a single unit made of separately packaged products. Each combination product is assigned a lead FDA center, which has jurisdiction for the premarket review and regulation of the product, based on which constituent part of the combination product provides the primary mode of action, i.e., the mode of action expected to make the greatest contribution to the overall intended therapeutic effect of the product. Depending on the type of combination product, the FDA may require a single application for approval, clearance, or licensure of the combination product, or separate applications for the constituent parts. During the review of marketing applications, the lead FDA center may consult or collaborate with other FDA centers. Organ Manufacturing and Organ Alternatives Our manufactured organ and organ alternative programs present unique regulatory challenges, relative to our more traditional drugs and biologic products. For example, our xenotransplantation products are regulated by the FDA’s Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research ( CBER ) as biologics. However, edits to the genome of pigs are subject to a separate FDA approval process as new animal drugs, which falls within the purview of the FDA’s Center for Veterinary Medicine. In 2020, the FDA approved our new animal drug application ( NADA ) for the genetic modification to the GalSafe lineage of pigs that are intended for use as a source of human food consumption and as a source for potential therapeutic products. The GalSafe pig is the source of our development-stage UThymoKidney product. We also plan to seek NADA approval for the pig lineage containing ten genetic modifications that we are using to generate our development-stage UKidney and UHeart products. In addition, production of xenografts intended for xenotransplantation must take place in DPF facilities that meet both cGMP requirements and unique requirements designed to ensure that our pigs are free of designated pathogens. Our Miromatrix subsidiary is developing manufactured organ alternatives based on porcine scaffolds, but these products are not regulated as xenotransplantation products because they do not contain or require ex vivo contact with live cells, tissues, or organs from a nonhuman animal source. Miromatrix products contain human cells and are therefore subject to regulation as human cell- and tissue-based products. We anticipate that Miromatrix products will each be regulated as a combination product consisting of a device (a porcine-derived extracellular matrix) and a biologic (the human cells used to cellularize the extracellular matrix). We expect that CBER will have primary jurisdiction as the lead FDA review center for Miromatrix products because human cells provide the fundamental mode of action in these products, and that each product will require a BLA. Because these products use cell- and tissue-based components, we anticipate that Miromatrix products will be required to be manufactured in accordance with both cGTP and cGMP standards. We believe our 3D printed, regenerative medicine, and bio-artificial organ alternative products will be subject to similar regulatory requirements as the Miromatrix products, and will necessitate BLA approvals in the U.S. Our CLES EVLP service utilizes an acellular organ perfusate (STEEN™ solution) that is regulated by the FDA as a medical device. As such, we submitted a PMA to the FDA for approval of the CLES technology. In many cases, our manufactured organ and organ alternative products will involve seeking regulatory approval for categories of products that have never been approved by the FDA before, and therefore, our anticipated regulatory approach is subject to change as regulators issue new guidance, and as our discussions with the FDA and other agencies progress. Government Reimbursement of Pharmaceutical Products In the United States, many independent third-party health plans, and government health care programs, such as Medicaid and Medicare, pay for patient use of our commercial products. A material portion of our product sales are reimbursed under 26 United Therapeutics, a public benefit corporation these government programs. The availability of adequate government reimbursement for our products is subject to regulatory changes and controls affecting these programs. Medicaid is a joint federal and state program that benefits low‑income and disabled individuals. It is administered by the states and CMS, the federal agency that also administers the Medicare program. We participate in the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, pursuant to which, as a condition of having federal funds made available for our drugs under Medicaid and Medicare Part B, we are required to pay a rebate to each state Medicaid program for each unit of our covered outpatient drugs dispensed to Medicaid beneficiaries and reimbursed by a state Medicaid program. Medicaid rebates are based on pricing data we report on a monthly and quarterly basis to CMS. If we become aware that our reporting for a prior quarter was incorrect, or has changed as a result of recalculation of the pricing data, we are obligated to resubmit the corrected data to CMS for up to three years after those data originally were due. Medicare is a federal program that is administered by CMS that provides covered health care benefits to individuals aged 65 or over and to certain disabled and chronically ill persons. Specifically, Medicare Part A covers inpatient hospital benefits, Medicare Part B covers physician-administered drugs (as well as physician services and outpatient care), and Medicare Part D covers self-administered drugs. We are required to provide average sales price information on a quarterly basis to CMS for our products that are payable under Medicare Part B. Our drugs are covered under Medicaid and Medicare as follows: • Tyvaso DPI, Orenitram, and Adcirca are reimbursed under Medicare Part D, and we pay rebates to Part D plans that cover these products . • Remodulin and Nebulized Tyvaso are reimbursable under Medicare Part B. The Medicare Part B contractors who administer the program cover Remodulin and Nebulized Tyvaso under local coverage determinations and provide reimbursement according to statutory guidelines. • Medicaid also covers Remodulin, Tyvaso DPI, Nebulized Tyvaso, Adcirca, Orenitram, and Unituxin, and, as noted above, we must pay Medicaid rebates on this utilization . • Unituxin is administered entirely as an in-patient therapy and would typically be reimbursed under Medicare Part A. However, because Unituxin is indicated for the treatment of a pediatric cancer, Medicare is unlikely to cover treatment, but Medicaid may cover pediatric patients requiring care. As discussed under the risk factor entitled, Government healthcare reform and other reforms could adversely affect our revenue, costs, and results of operations, the Inflation Reduction Act ( IRA ) enacted in 2022, regulations proposed by the Trump administration (referred to as GLOBE and GUARD ), and other federal measures, if finalized or enacted, will likely have significant impacts on prices and reimbursement rates, particularly in Medicare. Individual U.S. states have also enacted, or are considering enacting, legislation to limit the growth of healthcare costs, including the cost of prescription drugs. We continue to evaluate the possible impacts on our commercial and pipeline products. Federal law requires that any company th at participates in the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program also participate in the Public Health Service’s 340B drug pricing program (the 340B program ), in order for federal funds to be available for the manufacturer’s drugs under Medicaid and Medicare Part B. The 340B program, which is administered by the Health Resources and Services Administration ( HRSA ), requires participating manufacturers to agree to charge statutorily defined covered entities no more than the 340B “ceiling price” for the manufacturer’s covered outpatient drugs. These 340B covered entities include a variety of community health clinics and other entities that receive health services grants from the Public Health Service, as well as hospitals that serve a disproportionate share of low-income patients. In order to be eligible to have our products paid for with federal funds under Medicaid and Medicare Part B and purchased by certain federal agencies and grantees, we also participate in the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs ( VA ) Federal Supply Schedule ( FSS ) pricing program. Under this program, we are obligated to make our products available for procurement under an FSS contract under which we must comply with standard government terms and conditions and charge a price to certain federal agencies that is no higher than the statutory federal ceiling price. We also participate in the Tricare Retail Pharmacy program, under which we pay quarterly rebates on utilization of innovator products that are dispensed through the Tricare Retail Pharmacy network to Tricare beneficiaries. Anti-Kickback, False Claims Laws, and The Prescription Drug Marketing Act The federal Anti-Kickback Statute ( AKS ) prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting, or receiving remuneration to induce or in return for purchasing, leasing, ordering or arranging for the purchase, lease or order of, or referring an individual for the furnishing of, any healthcare item or service reimbursable under Medicare, Medicaid, or other federally financed healthcare programs. The False Claims Act ( FCA ) prohibits any person from, among other things, presenting, or causing to be presented, a false or fraudulent claim for payment of government funds, or making, or causing to be made, a false statement material to a false or fraudulent claim. Many states also have statutes or regulations similar to the AKS and the FCA, which apply to items and services reimbursed under Medicaid and other state programs, or, in several states, apply regardless of the payer. 2025 Annual Report 27 The federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act, implemented as the Open Payments Program, requires certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics, and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid, or the Children’s Health Insurance Program (with certain exceptions) to report annually to CMS information related to payments and other transfers of value to various healthcare professionals, including physicians, physician assistants, nurse practitioners, and clinical nurse specialists, and teaching hospitals, as well as ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members. We are also subject to numerous other anti-bribery and anti-fraud laws, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the UK Bribery Act, and the federal Civil Monetary Penalties Law. Sanctions under these federal and state laws may include treble damages, civil penalties, exclusion of a manufacturer’s products from reimbursement under government programs, criminal fines, and imprisonment. Outside the U.S., interactions between pharmaceutical companies and physicians are also governed by strict laws, regulations, industry self-regulation codes of conduct, and physicians’ codes of professional conduct. The provision of benefits or advantages to physicians to induce or encourage the prescription, recommendation, endorsement, purchase, supply, order, or use of medicinal products, which is prohibited in the EU, is governed by the national anti-bribery laws of the EU member states. Violation of these laws could result in substantial fines and imprisonment. Certain EU member states, or industry codes of conduct, require that payments made to physicians be publicly disclosed. Moreover, agreements with physicians must often be the subject of prior notification and approval by the physician’s employer, his/her competent professional organization, and/or the competent authorities of the individual EU member states. Failure to comply with these requirements could result in reputational risk, public reprimands, administrative penalties, fines, or imprisonment. State Pharmaceutical and Medical Device Marketing Laws Several jurisdictions require pharmaceutical companies to report expenses related to the marketing and promotion of pharmaceutical products and to report gifts and payments to healthcare practitioners in those jurisdictions, or to obtain licenses for sales representatives and require them to satisfy educational and other requirements. Some of these jurisdictions also prohibit various marketing related activities. Still other states require the disclosure of information related to drug pricing and clinical studies and their outcomes. In addition, certain states require pharmaceutical companies to implement compliance programs or marketing codes and several other states are considering similar proposals. Compliance with these laws is difficult and time consuming, and companies that do not comply with these state laws face civil penalties or other civil enforcement action. Privacy Laws We must comply with numerous federal, state, and non-U.S. laws that govern the privacy and security of health and other personal information. In the U.S., numerous federal and state laws and regulations govern the collection, use, disclosure, and protection of health related and other personal information. Many of these laws differ from each other in significant ways and may not have the same effect, thus complicating compliance efforts. Compliance with these laws is difficult, constantly evolving, and time consuming. Federal regulators, state attorneys general, and plaintiffs’ attorneys, including class action attorneys, have been and will likely continue to be active in this space. The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 ( HIPAA ) imposes privacy, security, and breach reporting obligations, including mandatory contractual terms, with respect to safeguarding the privacy and security of individually-identifiable health information upon covered entities subject to the rule. We could be subject to criminal penalties if we knowingly obtain, use, or disclose individually-identifiable health information maintained by a HIPAA covered entity in a manner that is not authorized or permitted by HIPAA. In addition, we are required to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act ( CCPA ). The CCPA became effective in 2020 and establishes certain requirements for data use and sharing transparency, and provides California residents certain rights concerning the use, disclosure, and retention of their personal data. The obligations to comply with the CCPA and evolving legislation require us, among other things, to update our notices and develop new processes internally and with our partners. We may be subject to fines, penalties, or private actions in the event of non-compliance with these laws. Outside the U.S., the legislative and regulatory landscape for privacy and data security continues to evolve. There has been increased attention to privacy and data security issues that could potentially affect our business, including the EU General Data Protection Regulation ( GDPR ), which became effective in 2018 and imposes potential penalties up to the greater of €20 million or four percent of annual global revenue for failure to comply with its requirements. In addition, the CCPA and laws and regulations enacted in the United States, Europe, Asia, and Latin America, increase potential enforcement and litigation activity. Because we enroll EU subjects in certain of our clinical trials, we are subject to additional privacy restrictions, including restrictions relating to the collection, use, storage, transfer, and other processing of personal data, including personal health data, regarding individuals in the European Economic Area ( EEA ) as governed by the GDPR. The GDPR imposes several 28 United Therapeutics, a public benefit corporation requirements on companies that process personal data, strict rules on the transfer of personal data out of the EEA, including to the U.S., and fines and penalties for failure to comply with the requirements of the GDPR and the related national data protection laws of the EU member states. The GDPR also confers a private right of action on data subjects and consumer associations to lodge complaints with supervisory authorities, seek judicial remedies, and obtain compensation for damages resulting from violations of the GDPR. Compliance with the GDPR will be a rigorous and time-intensive process that may increase our cost of doing business or require us to change our business practices, and despite those efforts, there is a risk that we may be subject to fines and penalties, litigation, and reputational harm in connection with any European activities. Other Laws and Regulations Numerous other statutory and regulatory regimes affect our business and operations. For example, our research and development efforts may be subject to laws, regulations, and recommendations related to safe working conditions, laboratory practices, use of animals in research and development activities, and the purchase, storage, movement, import, export, and use and disposal of hazardous or potentially hazardous substances. Antitrust and competition laws may restrict our ability to enter into certain agreements involving exclusive license rights. Future legislation and administrative action will continue to affect our business, the extent and degree of which we cannot accurately predict. Environmental Matters We are subject to laws and regulations that require compliance with federal, state, and local regulations for the protection of the environment. We believe that our operations comply in all material respects with such applicable laws and regulations. Our compliance with these requirements did not change during the past year, and is not expected to have a material effect upon our capital expenditures, cash flows, earnings, or competitive position. Human Capital We are united by our commitment to developing innovative therapies for unmet needs and our dedication to be responsible citizens that have a positive impact on patients, the environment, and society. Our employees, whom we call Unitherians , are mission critical to these commitments because they share the same passion and dedication to meeting our purpose. As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately 1,400 employees working across our 15 locations worldwide. None of our employees are covered by a collective bargaining agreement and we believe our overall relations with our employees are good . Our people mission focuses on five key commitments, providing Unitherians with: • Challenging, innovative work • Opportunities for career advancement • Autonomy to do their best work • Inspiring work environment allowing for work/life integration • Competitive pay and benefits In 2025, we achieved approximately $2.25 million in revenue per employee, which ranks near the top of our industry peer group. We believe this level of productivity is driven by a sustained focus on our people and our commitment to fostering engagement, motivation, and alignment with our strategic objectives. The Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors ( Board ) oversees our human capital management priorities, which are driven by the five key commitments noted above. Our “Unitherian” Culture. We are intentional in our effort to maintain our entrepreneurial culture. We believe this instills a greater sense of ownership, meaning, and commitment in Unitherians, motivating them to go above and beyond to achieve our ambitious goals. Moreover, we are confident that our culture provides us with a competitive advantage by enabling us to attract the best talent to drive innovation and excellence in pursuit of our key strategic objectives. United Therapeutics is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, and does not discriminate based on race, religion, national origin, gender, age, marital status, disability, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, military and veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable law. We have a policy that prohibits all forms of unlawful harassment and retaliation, and we provide training to all Unitherians on their responsibilities and protections under this policy. PBC Conversion. In 2021, we converted United Therapeutics into a public benefit corporation, becoming the first publicly traded company in our industry to do so. As a public benefit corporation, our Board is now obligated to balance the interests of its patient-focused public benefit purpose, the financial interests of shareholders, and the interests of other stakeholders who are materially impacted by our conduct, such as Unitherians. We believe that this conversion has helped further underscore our commitment to Unitherians, as well as our mission-driven public benefit purpose of creating a brighter future for patients. 2025 Annual Report 29 Talent Acquisition, Retention, and Talent Development. We strive to hire and retain exceptionally talented people who are passionately committed to our goals and who will thrive in our unique culture. We provide Unitherians with a variety of personal and professional development opportunities for them to grow and thrive. We believe that our talent acquisition, talent management, and talent development efforts are key factors in our low turnover compared to our industry peer group, which historically has trended well below the industry average. In 2025, we continued that trend with our voluntary turnover at 3.5 percent, well below industry average of 10 percent (based on June 1, 2024 through June 1, 2025 data from Aon’s Turnover Study for the Life Sciences/Biotech/Pharma Sector , published December 2025). Inclusion and Belonging. We are proud of our diverse, engaged workforce, and we firmly believe that being a great place to work means cultivating a workplace that drives innovation, performance, and results through diverse perspectives and a culture of inclusion, with a commitment to providing equal employment opportunity for all. At United Therapeutics, inclusion is one of our five core values, deeply integrated into our employee experience. Employee Development and Engagement. We seek to foster employee development and engagement by cultivating a culture of continuous growth and learning. We provide meaningful professional development opportunities, including leadership training, and actively encourage employees to pursue ongoing education, certifications, and skill enhancement through a variety of programs, including our education assistance program which enables full-time employees to pursue external coursework aligned with both business and individual career goals. Our commitment to quality and integrity is reinforced through required training on our Code of Conduct and other key organizational content. Employee input is central to our culture. We actively seek and value employee feedback, encouraging open dialogue and the sharing of ideas and concerns so we can take informed action. We believe our regular town hall meetings – featuring executive and business updates as well as patient-focused sessions – create meaningful connections between employees, leadership, and the patient experience. We also provide an internal social digital platform to strengthen connections across teams and functions. The effectiveness of these efforts is reflected in a recent external engagement survey conducted by Great Place to Work, where 94 percent of respondents indicated that they consider United Therapeutics “a great place to work.” We have consistently maintained this high level of engagement, with 90 percent or more of respondents from 2018 to 2025 affirming their positive experience with our organization. Health and Safety. We are committed to providing and maintaining a safe, healthy, and secure workplace for all Unitherians. We have an environmental health and safety program. We routinely provide training on workplace safety and security to all Unitherians. A Holistic Approach to Total Rewards and Employee Wellness. Our success depends on an exceptionally talented workforce. Because Unitherians are central to achieving our strategic goals, we invest in robust people programs that reflect the high value we place on their financial, mental, and physical wellbeing. Our comprehensive total rewards offering includes a competitive base salary, short-term cash incentive compensation, stock awards, and an employee stock purchase plan – enabling all full-time employees to share directly in the company’s financial success. For example, all full-time domestic Unitherians are eligible to receive minimum annual compensation of $75,000, including salary and bonus. We offer market-leading benefit programs, including a 401(k) savings plan with a company match, as well as health and welfare benefits such as flexible spending accounts, generous paid time off, parental bonding leave, adoption and surrogacy assistance, employee assistance programs, flexible work arrangements, tuition assistance, and more. We seek to consider the needs of Unitherians at all life stages, offering benefits like elder care support, tutoring/college coaching, pet care, and pet wellness benefits. We offer competitive medical, dental, vision, and prescription coverage that is available to both part-time and full-time Unitherians. Our inspiring work environments include several employee-focused amenities, such as on-site cafeterias, childcare centers, and state-of-the-art fitness centers. Board Oversight. Our Board, through its Compensation Committee, oversees our human capital management strategies, including our focus on inclusion and belonging; workplace environment and culture; and talent development and retention. These topics are reviewed and discussed regularly at meetings of both the Compensation Committee and of the full Board. Corporate Website Our Internet website address is https://www.unither.com . Our filings on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q, Form 3, Form 4, Form 5, Form 8-K, and any and all amendments thereto are available free of charge through this Internet website as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). They are also available through the SEC at http://www.sec.gov/edgar/searchedgar/companysearch.html . 30 United Therapeutics, a public benefit corporation INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS The following is a list, as of February 25, 2026, setting forth certain information regarding our executive officers. Each executive officer holds office until the first meeting of the Board of Directors after the annual meeting of shareholders, and until his or her successor is elected and qualified or until his or her earlier resignation or removal. Each executive officer’s employment will end pursuant to the terms of his or her employment contract. Name Age Position Martine Rothblatt, Ph.D., J.D., M.B.A. 71 Chairperson and Chief Executive Officer Michael Benkowitz 54 President and Chief Operating Officer James C. Edgemond 58 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Paul A. Mahon, J.D. 62 Executive Vice President, General Counsel, and Corporate Secretary Martine Rothblatt, Ph.D., J.D., M.B.A ., founded United Therapeutics in 1996 and has served as Chairperson and Chief Executive Officer since its inception. Previously, she created the satellite radio company SiriusXM. She is an inventor or co‑inventor on ten U.S. patents, with additional patents pending. Her pioneering book, Your Life or Mine: How Geoethics Can Resolve the Conflict Between Private and Public Interests in Xenotransplantation , anticipated the need for both global virus bio-surveillance and a greatly expanded supply of transplantable organs. Dr. Rothblatt has a Ph.D. in medical ethics from the University of London. Michael Benkowitz joined United Therapeutics in 2011 as our Executive Vice President, Organizational Development, and was promoted to President and Chief Operating Officer in 2016. He is responsible for all of our sales, marketing, market access, patient relations, manufacturing, medical affairs, and corporate compliance activities, most company-wide administrative functions, including human resources and information technology, many of our business development efforts, and several of our key business alliances and partnerships. James C. Edgemond joined United Therapeutics in January 2013 as Treasurer and Vice President, Strategic Financial Planning. Mr. Edgemond was promoted to Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer in March 2015. Prior to joining United Therapeutics, he was Vice President, Corporate Controller, and Treasurer of Clark Construction Group from 2008 through January 2013. He also served in a variety of roles at The Corporate Executive Board Company from 1998 to 2008, serving as Executive Director, Finance from 2005 to 2008. He began his career as a public accountant at KPMG Peat Marwick LLP, from 1990 through 1998, where he served in a variety of roles, including as a Senior Manager prior to his departure. Paul A. Mahon, J.D., has served as General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of United Therapeutics since its inception in 1996. In 2001, Mr. Mahon joined United Therapeutics full-time as Senior Vice President, General Counsel, and Corporate Secretary. In 2003, Mr. Mahon was promoted to Executive Vice President, General Counsel, and Corporate Secretary. Prior to 2001, he served United Therapeutics, beginning with its formation in 1996, in his capacity as principal and managing partner of a law firm specializing in technology and media law. 2025 Annual Report 31 Item 1A.

