TICKER: VATE
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain, which may vary depending on the quantity of production and the terms of Pansend’s agreements with manufacturers; • expenditures that Pansend and its investees may incur to acquire, develop or commercialize additional product candidates and technologies; • the level of demand for Pansend’s and its investees' product and any product candidates, if approved or cleared, which may vary significantly over time and may experience seasonal fluctuations in demand; • litigation, including patent, employment, securities class action, stockholder derivative, general commercial, product liability and other lawsuits or claims; • changes in geographic, channel or product mix; • weakness in consumer spending as a result of a slowdown in the global, U.S. or other economies; • changes in relationships with our customers and distributors, including timing of orders; and • our inability to scale, suspend or reduce production based on variations in product demand. To respond to these and other factors, we may make business decisions that adversely affect our operating results such as modifications to our pricing policy, promotions, or operations. Most of our expenses, such as employee compensation, are relatively fixed in the short term. Moreover, expense levels are based, in part, on our expectations regarding future revenue levels. As a result, if our net revenues for a particular period fall below expectations, we may be unable to adjust spending quickly enough to offset any shortfall in net revenues. Due to these and other factors, we believe that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our operating results may not be meaningful. You should not rely on our results for any one quarter as an indication of future performance. 39 The failure of R2 Technologies to pay its promissory note due to Lancer on August 1, 2026 or to extend or refinance such debt could have a material adverse effect on us. On August 4, 2025, R2 Technologies amended and restated the senior secured promissory note payable by R2 Technologies to Lancer Capital, an investment fund led by Avram A. Glazer, the Chairman of the Company’s board of directors. The original principal amount of the amended and restated note was $43.5 million and the amended and rested note has an annual interest rate of 12%, or 14% upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an event of default. Accrued and unpaid interest is capitalized monthly into the principal balance. The entire outstanding principal amount of the amended and restated note, together with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, is due and payable on the earlier to occur of (i) August 1, 2026, or (ii) the occurrence of (A) a Change of Control (as defined therein) or (B) the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the R2 Technologies. As security for its obligations under the amended and restated note, R2 Technologies has granted Lancer Capital a first priority lien on all of its assets on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in that Security Agreement dated as of July 13, 2022 by and between R2 Technologies and Lancer Capital and a lien on its intellectual property on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in that Intellectual Property Security Agreement dated as of July 13, 2022 by and between R2 Technologies and Lancer Capital. There can be no assurance that R2 Technologies will be able to pay the amended and restated promissory note when due, that it will be able to extend the maturity thereof on acceptable terms or on any terms or that it will be able to refinance the indebtedness thereunder on acceptable terms or on any terms. If R2 Technologies is unable to pay the amended and restated note when due, extend the maturity thereof or refinance its obligation thereunder, Lancer Capital would be able to exercise its remedies under the security agreements and Article 9 of the Delaware Uniform Commercial Code, including taking possession of all of the assets of R2 Technologies, selling them and applying the proceeds of the sale to satisfy the unpaid indebtedness. Any such sale would likely be a price less than the fair market value of R2 Technologies as a going concern and could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Pansend operates in a highly competitive market, and may face competition from large, well-established medical technology, device and product manufacturers with significant resources, and may not be able to compete effectively. The medical technology, medical device, biotechnology, and pharmaceutical industries are characterized by intense and dynamic competition to develop new technologies and proprietary therapies. Pansend faces competition from a number of sources, such as pharmaceutical companies, medical device companies, generic drug companies, biotechnology companies, and academic and research institutions. Pansend may find itself in competition with companies that have competitive advantages over us, such as: • significantly greater name recognition; • established relations with healthcare professionals, customers, and third-party payers; • greater efficacy or better safety profiles; • established distribution networks; • additional lines of products, and the ability to offer rebates, higher discounts, or incentives to gain a competitive advantage; • greater experience in obtaining patents and regulatory approvals for product candidates and other resources; • greater experience in conducting research and development, manufacturing, clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approval for products, and marketing approved products; and • greater financial and human resources for product development, sales and marketing, and patent litigation. Pansend may also face increased competition in the future as new companies enter Pansend’s markets and as scientific developments surrounding electro-signaling therapeutics continue to accelerate. While Pansend will seek to expand its technological capabilities to remain competitive, research and development by others may render its technology or product candidates obsolete or noncompetitive or result in treatments or cures superior to any therapy developed by us. In addition, certain of Pansend’s product candidates may compete with other dermatological products, including over the counter ("OTC") treatments, for a share of some patients’ discretionary budgets and for physicians’ attention within their clinical practices. Even if a generic product or an OTC product is less effective than Pansend’s product candidates, a less effective generic or OTC product may be more quickly adopted by physicians and patients than Pansend’s competing product candidates based upon cost or convenience. As a result, Pansend may not be able to compete effectively against current and potential future competitors or their devices and products. Pansend may rely on third parties for its sales, marketing, manufacturing and/or distribution, including delivery service providers, and these third parties may not perform satisfactorily. A disruption in the operations of our primary freight carrier or higher shipping costs could cause a decline in our net revenues or a reduction in our earnings. To be able to commercialize Pansend’s planned products, Pansend may elect to internally develop aspects of sales, marketing, large-scale manufacturing, or distribution, or Pansend may elect to utilize third parties with respect to one or more of these items. Pansend’s reliance on these third parties may reduce its control over these activities; however, reliance on third parties does not relieve Pansend of its responsibility to ensure compliance with all required legal, regulatory, and scientific standards. Any failure of these third parties to perform satisfactorily and in compliance with relevant laws and regulations could lead to delays in the development of Pansend’s planned products, including delays in its clinical trials, or failure to obtain regulatory approval for its planned products, or failure to successfully commercialize its planned products or other future products. Some of these events could be the basis for FDA or other regulatory action, including injunction, recall, seizure, or total or partial suspension of production. 40 R2 Technologies depends heavily on contracted third-party delivery service providers to deliver our products to our providers and customers. Interruptions to or failures in these delivery services could prevent the timely or successful delivery of our products. These interruptions or failures may be due to unforeseen events that are beyond our control or the control of our third-party delivery service providers, such as inclement weather, natural disasters or labor unrest, among others. If our products are not delivered on time or are delivered in a damaged state, providers and customers may refuse to accept our products and have less confidence in our services, which could negatively impact our relationships with our customers and distributors, business, financial condition and results of operations. We are dependent on commercial freight carriers to deliver our products within the United States. If the operations of these carriers are disrupted for any reason, we may be unable to timely deliver our products to our customers. If we cannot deliver our products on time and cost effectively, our customers may choose competitive offerings causing our net revenues and gross margins to decline. In a rising fuel cost environment, our freight costs will increase. If freight costs materially increase and we are unable to pass that increase along to our customers for any reason or otherwise offset such increases in costs, our gross margin and financial results could be adversely affected. A disruption in our operations could materially and adversely affect our business. As a company engaged in distribution, our operations, including those of our third-party suppliers and delivery service providers, are subject to the risks inherent in such activities, including industrial accidents, supply chain disruptions, macroeconomic issues, environmental events, strikes and other labor disputes, disruptions in information systems, product quality control, safety, licensing requirements and other regulatory issues, changes in laws and regulatory requirements, as well as natural disasters, pandemics (such as the COVID-19 pandemic), border disputes, political crises, and other external factors over which we and our third-party suppliers, brokers and delivery service providers may have no control. Our ability to meet the needs of our consumers depends on the proper operation of our distribution facilities, where most of our inventory that is not in transit is housed. The loss of, or damage to, the manufacturing facilities or distribution centers of our third-party suppliers and delivery service providers could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover the full extent of any loss or damage to our manufacturing facilities or distribution centers, and any loss, damage of or disruption to those facilities, or loss or damage of the inventory stored there, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Pansend may never become profitable. To date, certain Pansend investees have not generated significant revenue and Pansend has historically relied on financing from the sale of equity securities and issuances of additional debt to fund its operations. We expect that Pansend’s future financial results will depend primarily on its success in continuing to launch, sell, and support its therapies and treatments, including R2 Technologies' Glacial systems or other products based on Pansend’s technology. Pansend expects to expend significant resources on hiring of personnel, continued scientific and product research and development, potential product testing and pre-clinical and clinical investigation, intellectual property development and prosecution, marketing and promotion, capital expenditures, working capital, general and administrative expenses, and fees and expenses associated with Pansend’s capital raising efforts. Pansend is expected to incur costs and expenses related to consulting costs, laboratory development costs, hiring of scientists, engineers, sales representatives, and other operational personnel, and the continued development of relationships with potential partners. Pansend is incurring significant operating losses, and is expected to continue to incur additional losses for the foreseeable future, and we cannot assure you that it will generate significant revenue or be profitable in the future. There are no assurances that Pansend’s future products will be cleared or approved or become commercially viable or accepted for use. Even with commercially viable applications of Pansend’s technology, which may include licensing, Pansend may never recover its research and development expenses. Investment in medical technology is highly speculative because it entails substantial upfront capital expenditures and significant risk that any potential product will fail to demonstrate adequate efficacy or clinical utility. Investors should evaluate an investment in Pansend in light of the uncertainties encountered by developing medical technology companies and life sciences companies in a competitive environment. There can be no assurance that Pansend’s efforts will be successful or that it will ultimately be able to achieve profitability. Even if Pansend achieves profitability, it may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. We may not be able to successfully implement our growth strategy and we may be unable to grow our business effectively or efficiently, which would harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our future growth, profitability and cash flows depend upon our ability to successfully implement our business strategy, which, in turn, is dependent upon a number of key initiatives, including our ability to: drive demand in the brand; invest in our providers; and improve productivity in our retailers, U.S. medical spa facilities and U.S. spa facilities. There can be no assurance that we can successfully achieve any or all of the above initiatives in the manner or time period that we expect. Further, achieving these objectives will require investments that may result in short-term cost increases with net sales materializing on a longer-term horizon and therefore may be dilutive to earnings. We cannot provide any assurance that we will realize, in full or in part, the anticipated benefits we expect our strategy will achieve. The failure to realize those benefits could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 41 Growing our business will place a strain on our management team, financial and information systems, supply chain and distribution capacity and other resources. To manage growth effectively, we must continue to: enhance our operational, financial and management systems, including warehouse management and inventory control; maintain and improve internal controls, disclosure controls and procedures; maintain and improve information technology systems and procedures; and expand, train and manage our employee base. We may not be able to effectively manage our expansion in any one or more of these areas, and any failure to do so could significantly harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Growing our business may make it difficult for us to adequately predict the expenditures we will need to make in the future. If we do not make the necessary overhead expenditures to accommodate our future growth, we may be unsuccessful in executing our growth strategy and our results of operations could suffer. R2 Technologies' success depends upon customer demand and patient satisfaction with its procedures. R2 Technologies’ procedures are elective aesthetic procedures, the cost of which must be borne by the patient and is generally not covered by or reimbursable through government or private health insurance. In order to generate repeat and referral business, patients must be satisfied with the effectiveness of the procedures conducted using R2’s systems. The decision to undergo one of R2 Technologies’ procedures is, thus, driven by patient demand, which may be influenced by a number of factors, such as: • the success of R2 Technologies’ sales and marketing programs; • the extent to which R2 Technologies’ physician customers recommend its procedures to their patients; • the extent to which R2 Technologies’ procedures satisfy patient expectations; • R2 Technologies’ ability to properly train its physician customers in the use of its systems so that their patients do not experience excessive discomfort during treatment or adverse side effects; • the cost, safety, and effectiveness of R2 Technologies’ systems versus other aesthetic treatments; • consumer sentiment about the benefits and risks of aesthetic procedures generally and R2 Technologies’ systems in particular; • the success of any direct-to-consumer marketing efforts R2 Technologies may initiate; and • general consumer confidence, which may be impacted by economic and political conditions outside of R2 Technologies’ control. R2 Technologies’ financial performance will be negatively impacted in the event it cannot generate significant patient demand for procedures performed with its systems. Demand for our products may not increase as rapidly as we anticipate due to a variety of factors, including a weakness in general economic conditions and resistance to non-traditional treatment methods. Consumer spending habits are affected by, among other things, prevailing economic conditions, levels of employment, salaries and wage rates, consumer confidence and consumer perception of economic conditions. A general slowdown in the U.S. economy and certain international economies or an uncertain economic outlook could adversely affect consumer spending habits which may, among other things, result in reduced patient traffic in dermatology or internal medicine offices and in medical spa facilities and spa facilities, a reduction in consumer spending on elective, non-urgent or higher value treatments, such as those offered by our providers, or a reduction in the demand for aesthetic services generally, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our sales and operating results. Weakness in the global economy results in a challenging environment for selling aesthetic technologies and doctors or estheticians may postpone investments in capital equipment, such as our Glacial systems. Increased market acceptance of our products and treatments will depend in part upon the recommendations of medical and aesthetics professionals, as well as other factors including effectiveness, safety, ease of use, reliability, aesthetics and price compared to competing products and treatment methods. Pansend’s failure to obtain or maintain necessary FDA or foreign market clearances and approvals, or to maintain continued clearances, or equivalents thereof in the U.S. and relevant foreign markets, could hurt its ability to distribute and market its products. In both Pansend’s U.S. and foreign markets, Pansend is affected by extensive laws, governmental regulations, administrative determinations, court decisions and similar constraints. Such laws, regulations and other constraints may exist at the federal, state or local levels in the U.S. and at analogous levels of government in foreign jurisdictions. In addition, the formulation, manufacturing, packaging, labeling, distribution, importation, sale and storage of Pansend’s products are subject to extensive regulation by various federal agencies, including, but not limited to, the FDA and the FTC, State Attorneys General in the U.S., as well as by various other federal, state, local and international regulatory authorities in the countries in which Pansend’s products are manufactured, distributed or sold. If Pansend or its manufacturers fail to comply with those regulations, Pansend could become subject to significant penalties or claims, which could harm its results of operations or its ability to conduct its business. In addition, the adoption of new regulations or changes in the interpretations of existing regulations may result in significant compliance costs or discontinuation of product sales and may impair the marketing of its products, resulting in significant loss of net sales. 42 Pansend’s failure to comply with federal or state regulations, or with regulations in foreign markets that cover its product claims and advertising, including direct claims and advertising by us, may result in enforcement actions and imposition of penalties or otherwise harm the distribution and sale of its products. Each medical device that Pansend wishes to market in the U.S. must first receive either 510(k) clearance or premarket approval ("PMA") from the FDA unless an exemption applies. Either process can be lengthy and expensive. The FDA's 510(k) clearance process may take from three to twelve months, or longer, and may or may not require human clinical data. The PMA process is much more costly and lengthy. It may take from eleven months to three years, or even longer, and will likely require significant supporting human clinical data. Delays in obtaining regulatory clearance or approval could adversely affect Pansend’s revenues and profitability. R2 Technologies has obtained 510(k) clearances for its Glacial Rx system for various uses, including, but not limited to: the removal of benign lesions of the skin; the use of cooling technologies intended for the temporary reduction of pain; swelling; inflammation; hematoma for minor surgical procedures; general dermabrasion; scar revision; acne scar revision; tattoo removal; and minimization of pain, inflammation and thermal injury during laser and dermatological treatments. However, these approvals and clearances may be subject to revocation if post-marketing data demonstrates safety issues or lack of effectiveness. Many medical devices, such as medical lasers, are also regulated by the FDA as “electronic products.” In general, manufacturers and marketers of “electronic products” are subject to certain FDA regulatory requirements intended to ensure the radiological safety of the products. These requirements include, but are not limited to, filing certain reports with the FDA about the products and defects/safety issues related to the products as well as complying with radiological performance standards. The medical device industry is now experiencing greater scrutiny and regulation by federal, state and foreign governmental authorities. Companies in the life sciences industry are subject to more frequent and more intensive reviews and investigations, often involving the marketing, business practices, and product quality management. Such reviews and investigations may result in civil and criminal proceedings; the imposition of substantial fines and penalties; the receipt of warning letters, untitled letters, demands for recalls or the seizure of Pansend’s products; the requirement to enter into corporate integrity agreements, stipulated judgments or other administrative remedies, and result in Pansend’s incurring substantial unanticipated costs and the diversion of key personnel and management’s attention from their regular duties, any of which may have an adverse effect on Pansend’s financial condition, results of operations and liquidity, and may result in greater and continuing governmental scrutiny of Pansend’s business in the future. Additionally, federal, state and foreign governments and entities have enacted laws and issued regulations and other standards requiring increased visibility and transparency of Pansend’s interactions with healthcare providers. For example, the U.S. Physician Payment Sunshine Act, now known as Open Payments, requires Pansend to report to the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, or CMS, payments and other transfers of value to all U.S. physicians and U.S. teaching hospitals, with the reported information made publicly available on a searchable website. Failure to comply with these legal and regulatory requirements could impact Pansend’s business, and it has had and will continue to spend substantial time and financial resources to develop and implement enhanced structures, policies, systems and processes to comply with these legal and regulatory requirements, which may also impact Pansend’s business and which could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, and results of operations. International regulatory approval processes may take more or less time than the FDA clearance or approval process. If Pansend fails to comply with applicable FDA and comparable non-U.S. regulatory requirements, it may not receive regulatory clearances or approvals or may be subject to FDA or comparable non-U.S. enforcement actions. Pansend may be unable to obtain future regulatory clearance or approval in a timely manner, or at all, especially if existing regulations are changed or new regulations are adopted. For example, the FDA clearance or approval process can take longer than anticipated due to requests for additional clinical data and changes in regulatory requirements. A failure or delay in obtaining necessary regulatory clearances or approvals would materially adversely affect Pansend’s business, financial condition, and results of operations. Further, more stringent regulatory requirements or safety and quality standards may be issued in the future with an adverse effect on Pansend’s business. Pansend’s customers, or physicians, aestheticians and technicians, as the case may be, may misuse certain of its products, and product liability lawsuits and other damages imposed on Pansend may have a material adverse impact on its business. Pansend faces an inherent risk of product liability as a result of the marketing and sale of its products. For example, Pansend may be sued if its products cause or are perceived to cause injury or are found to be otherwise unsuitable during manufacturing, marketing or sale. Any such product liability claim may include allegations of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a failure to warn of dangers inherent in the product, negligence, strict liability or breach of warranty. Pansend’s products are highly complex, and some are used to treat delicate skin conditions on and near a patient's face. In addition, the clinical testing, manufacturing, marketing and use of certain of Pansend’s products and procedures may also expose Pansend to product liability, FDA regulatory and/or legal actions, or other claims. If a physician elects to apply an off-label use and the use leads to injury, Pansend may be involved in costly litigation. In addition, the fact that Pansend trains technicians whom it does not supervise in the use of the Glacial Rx system during patient treatment may expose Pansend to third-party claims if it is accused of providing inadequate training. Pansend may also be subject to claims against it even if the apparent injury is due to the actions of others or the pre-existing health of the patient. For example, Pansend relies on physicians in connection with the use of its products on patients. If these physicians are not properly trained or are negligent, the capabilities and safety features of Pansend’s products may be diminished or the patient may suffer critical injury. Pansend may also be subject to claims that are caused by the actions of Pansend’s suppliers, such as those who provide it with components and sub-assemblies. A product liability claim or product recall may result in losses that could result in the FDA taking legal or regulatory enforcement action against Pansend and/or Pansend’s products including recall, and could have a material adverse effect upon Pansend’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 43 If we fail to manage our inventory effectively, our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity may be materially and adversely affected. Our business requires us to manage inventory effectively. We depend on our forecasts of demand for, and popularity of, various products to make purchase decisions and to manage our inventory of stock-keeping units. Demand for products, however, can change significantly between the time inventory or components are ordered and the date of sale. Demand may be affected by seasonality, rapid changes in product pricing, product defects, promotions, changes in consumer spending patterns, changes in consumer tastes with respect to our products, competitors’ product launches, and other factors, and our consumers may not purchase products in the quantities that we expect. It may be difficult to accurately forecast demand and determine appropriate levels of product or components. If we fail to manage our inventory effectively we may be subject to a heightened risk of inventory obsolescence, a decline in inventory values, and significant inventory write-downs or write-offs. In addition, if we are required to lower sale prices to reduce inventory level or to pay higher prices to our suppliers, our profit margins might be negatively affected. Any of the above may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Pansend has limited experience in manufacturing its products in large-scale commercial quantities and may face manufacturing risks, including an inability to scale, suspend or reduce production based on variations in product demand, that may adversely affect its ability to manufacture products and could reduce its gross margins and negatively affect its business and operating results. Pansend’s success depends, in part, on its ability to manufacture its current and future products in sufficient quantities and on a timely basis to meet demand, while adhering to product quality standards, complying with regulatory quality system requirements and managing manufacturing costs. For example, R2 Technologies' third-party contract manufacturer has a manufacturing facility located in Sunnyvale, California where they produce, package and warehouse the Glacial Rx, Glacial fx and Glacial Spa systems. R2 Technologies also relies on a global third-party manufacturer for production of some of the components used in the Glacial Rx and Glacial fx/Spa systems. If R2 Technologies' facility, or the facilities of its third-party contract manufacturers, suffer damage, or a force majeure event, this could materially impact R2 Technologies' ability to operate. Pansend is also subject to other risks relating to its manufacturing capabilities, including: • quality and reliability of components, sub-assemblies and materials that Pansend sources from third-party suppliers, who are required to meet Pansend’s quality specifications, some of whom are Pansend’s single-source suppliers for the products they supply; • failure to secure raw materials, components and materials in a timely manner, in sufficient quantities or on commercially reasonable terms; • inability to secure raw materials, components and materials of sufficient quality to meet the exacting needs of medical device manufacturing; • failure to maintain compliance with quality system requirements or pass regulatory quality inspections; • inability to increase, suspend or reduce production capacity or volumes to meet demand; and • inability to design or modify production processes to enable Pansend to produce future products efficiently or implement changes in current products in response to design or regulatory requirements. These risks could be exacerbated by Pansend’s limited experience as an entity with large-scale commercial manufacturing. As demand for Pansend’s products increases, Pansend will have to invest additional resources to purchase raw materials and components, sub-assemblies and materials, hire and train employees and enhance Pansend’s manufacturing processes. If Pansend fails to increase Pansend’s production capacity efficiently to meet demand for its products, it may not be able to fill customer orders on a timely basis, its sales may not increase in line with Pansend’s expectations and Pansend’s operating margins could fluctuate or decline. It may not be possible for Pansend to manufacture Pansend’s products at a cost or in quantities sufficient to make these products commercially viable or to maintain current operating margins, all of which could have a material adverse effect on Pansend’s business, financial condition and results of operations. There is a limited talent pool of experienced professionals in the life sciences industry. If Pansend is not able to retain and recruit personnel with the requisite technical skills, it may be unable to successfully execute Pansend’s business strategy. The specialized nature of Pansend’s industry results in an inherent scarcity of experienced personnel in the field. Pansend’s future success depends upon Pansend’s ability to attract and retain highly skilled personnel, including scientific, technical, commercial, business, regulatory and administrative personnel, necessary to support Pansend’s anticipated growth, develop Pansend’s business and perform certain contractual obligations. Given the scarcity of professionals with the scientific knowledge that Pansend requires and the competition for qualified personnel among life sciences businesses, Pansend may not succeed in attracting or retaining the personnel Pansend requires to continue and grow its operations. 44 Rapidly changing technology in life sciences could make the products Pansend is developing obsolete. The life sciences industries are characterized by rapid and significant technological changes, frequent new product introductions and enhancements, and evolving industry standards. Pansend’s future success will depend on Pansend’s ability to continually develop and then improve the products that Pansend designs and to develop and introduce new products that address the evolving needs of Pansend’s customers on a timely and cost- effective basis. Pansend also will need to pursue new market opportunities that develop as a result of technological and scientific advances. These new market opportunities may be outside the scope of Pansend’s proven expertise or in areas which have unproven market demand. Any new products developed by Pansend may not be accepted in the intended markets. Pansend’s inability to gain market acceptance of new products could harm Pansend’s future operating results. If Pansend is unable to effectively protect its intellectual property, it may not be able to operate its business, and third parties may be able to use and profit from its technology, both of which would impair Pansend’s ability to be competitive. Pansend’s success will be heavily dependent on its ability to obtain and maintain meaningful patent protection for Pansend’s technologies and products throughout the world. Patent law relating to the scope of claims in the technology fields in which Pansend will operate is still evolving. The amount of ongoing protection for Pansend’s proprietary rights, therefore, is uncertain. Pansend will rely on patents to protect a significant part of Pansend’s intellectual property and to enhance Pansend’s competitive position. However, Pansend’s pending or future patent applications may be denied, and any patent previously issued to Pansend or Pansend’s subsidiaries may be challenged, invalidated, held unenforceable or circumvented. In particular, R2 Technologies filed a patent application with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office for a commercial patent that covers the Glacial Rx System, U.S. Patent No. 9522031 through 2029, with additional issued patents or patent applications that, once allowed, will protect coverage through 2042. Furthermore, the patent protections Pansend has been granted may not be broad enough to prevent competitors from producing products similar to Pansend's. In addition, the laws of various foreign countries in which Pansend may compete, such as China, may not protect Pansend’s intellectual property to the same extent as the laws of the United States. If Pansend fails to obtain adequate patent protection for Pansend’s proprietary technology, Pansend’s ability to be commercially competitive will be materially impaired. In the ordinary course of business and as appropriate, Pansend intends to apply for additional patents covering both Pansend’s technologies and products, as it deems appropriate. Pansend’s existing patents and any future patents it obtains may not be sufficiently broad to prevent others from making use of technologies or developing competing products and technologies. In addition, because patent law is evolving in the life sciences industry, the patent positions of companies like ours are uncertain. As a result, the validity and enforceability of Pansend’s patents cannot be predicted with certainty. If third parties make claims of intellectual property infringement against Pansend, or otherwise seek to establish their intellectual property rights equal or superior to Pansend’s, it may have to spend time and money in response and potentially discontinue certain of Pansend’s operations. While Pansend currently does not believe it to be the case, third parties may claim that Pansend is employing their proprietary technology without authorization or that Pansend is infringing on their patents. If such claims were made, Pansend could incur substantial costs coupled with diversion of Pansend’s management and key technical personnel in defending against these claims. Furthermore, parties making claims against Pansend may be able to obtain injunctive or other equitable relief which could effectively halt Pansend’s ability to further develop, commercialize and sell products. In the event of a successful claim of infringement, courts may order Pansend to pay damages and obtain one or more licenses from third parties. Pansend may not be able to obtain these licenses at a reasonable cost, if at all. Defense of any lawsuit or failure to obtain any of these licenses could prevent Pansend from commercializing available products and have a material negative effect on Pansend’s business. Therapies targeted by Scaled Cell represent a novel approach toward treatment of certain diseases. Increased regulatory scrutiny or negative perception of certain therapies or treatments could adversely affect our business. Patients receiving CAR-T therapies or other treatment may experience severe adverse events, which may affect clinical development, regulatory approval, and public perception. Scaled Cell is currently targeting chimeric antigen receptor CAR-T cell therapy which uses immune cells called T cells that are genetically altered in a lab to enable them in locating and destroying cancer cells more effectively. Cellular therapies like CAR-T remain novel, have caused severe side effects, including death, and may not gain widespread acceptance by the public or the medical community. Additionally, adverse events in clinical trials of Scaled Cell candidates or in other companies’ clinical trials could result in a decrease in demand for products developed by Scaled Cell. Advancing CAR-T therapy creates other challenges, including those related to the manufacturing, sourcing, licensing, education, and regulation of such therapies. Additionally, responses by the FDA or other federal and state agencies to negative public perception or ethical concerns could result in increased regulation or legislation of CAR-T therapies. Certain product candidates of Scaled Cell may have serious and potentially fatal consequences. Developments of similarly designed therapies have experienced events related to neurotoxicity and cytokine release syndrome (CRS). There is a possibility that Scaled Cell could have similarly life threatening or serious adverse side effects. 45 Risks related to the Spectrum segment Our broadcasting business operates in highly competitive markets and our ability to maintain market share and generate operating revenues depends on how effectively we compete with existing and new competition. Spectrum's broadcast stations compete for audiences and advertising revenue with other broadcast stations as well as with other media such as the Internet and radio. Broadcasting also faces competition from (i) local free OTA broadcast television and radio stations; (ii) telecommunication companies; (iii) cable and satellite system operators and cable networks; (iv) print media providers such as newspapers, direct mail and periodicals; (v) internet search engines, internet service providers, websites, and mobile applications; (vi) viewers moving to programming alternatives and alternate media content providers, a process known as "cord cutting"; and (vii) other emerging technologies including mobile television. Some of Broadcasting's current and potential competitors have greater financial and other resources than Broadcasting does and so may be better placed to extend audience reach and expand programming. Many of Broadcasting’s competitors possess greater access to capital, and its financial resources may be relatively limited when contrasted with those of such competitors. If Broadcasting needs to obtain additional funding, Broadcasting may be unable to raise such capital or, if Broadcasting is able to obtain capital it may be on unfavorable terms. If Broadcasting is unable to obtain additional funding as and when needed, it could be forced to delay its development, marketing and expansion efforts and, if it continues to experience losses, potentially cease operations. In addition, broadcast consumers’ desire for control over their viewing experience and the methods by which they consume content continue to evolve rapidly. Consumers are also increasingly using services with time-shifting or advertisement-skipping capability, or with reduced or no advertising at all. These shifts in consumer behavior create challenges with respect to maintaining predictable broadcasting revenue, and substantial adoption of alternative technologies could negatively affect our overall broadcasting business. Also, a slowing adoption of the ATSC 3.0 standards, as well as potential barriers related to an industry shift to next-generation telecommunications technologies, such as 5G and datacasting may lead to an unpredictable landscape for the broadcasting industry. Cable companies and others have developed national advertising networks in recent years that increase the competition for national advertising. Over the past decade, cable television programming services, other emerging video distribution platforms and the Internet have captured increasing market share. Cable providers, direct broadcast satellite companies and telecommunication companies are developing new technology that allows them to transmit more channels on their existing equipment to highly targeted audiences, reducing the cost of creating channels and potentially leading to the division of the television industry into ever more specialized niche markets. The decreased cost of creating channels may also encourage new competitors to enter Broadcasting's markets and compete with us for advertising revenue. In addition, technologies that allow viewers to digitally record, store and play back television programming may decrease viewership of commercials as recorded by media measurement services and, as a result, lower Spectrum's advertising revenues. Furthermore, technological advancements and the resulting increase in programming alternatives, such as cable television, direct broadcast satellite systems, pay-per-view, home video and entertainment systems, video-on-demand, mobile video and the Internet have also created new types of competition to television broadcast stations and will increase competition for household audiences and advertisers. We cannot provide any assurances that we will remain competitive with these developing technologies and our inability to successfully respond to new and growing sources of competition in the broadcasting industry could have an adverse effect on Broadcasting's business, financial condition and results of operations. The FCC could implement regulations or the U.S. Congress could adopt legislation that might have a significant impact on the operations of the stations we own and the stations we provide services to or the television broadcasting industry as a whole. The FCC regulates Broadcasting's broadcasting business. We must often times obtain the FCC’s approval to obtain, renew, assign or modify, a license, purchase a new station, sell an existing station or transfer the control of one of Broadcasting's subsidiaries that hold a license. Broadcasting's FCC licenses are critical to Broadcasting's operations; we cannot operate without them. We cannot be certain that the FCC will renew these licenses in the future or approve new acquisitions in a timely manner, if at all. If licenses are not renewed or acquisitions are not approved, we may lose revenue that we otherwise could have earned and this would have an adverse effect on Broadcasting's business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, Congress and the FCC may, in the future, adopt new laws, regulations and policies regarding a wide variety of matters (including, but not limited to, technological changes in spectrum assigned to particular services) that could, directly or indirectly, materially and adversely affect the operation and ownership of Broadcasting's broadcast properties. 46 Broadcasting Licenses are issued by, and subject to the jurisdiction of the FCC, pursuant to the Communications Act of 1934, as amended (the "Communications Act"). The Communications Act empowers the FCC, among other actions, to issue, renew, revoke and modify broadcasting licenses; determine stations’ frequencies, locations and operating power; regulate some of the equipment used by stations; adopt other regulations to carry out the provisions of the Communications Act and other laws, including requirements affecting the content of broadcasts; and to impose penalties for violation of its regulations, including monetary forfeitures, short-term renewal of licenses and license revocation or denial of license renewals. Any of these actions imposed by the FCC could result in the loss of station licenses or assets. License Renewals. Broadcast television licenses are typically granted for standard terms of eight years. Most licenses for commercial and noncommercial TV broadcast stations, Class A TV broadcast stations, television translators and LPTV broadcast stations have expirations between 2028 and 2031; however, the Communications Act requires the FCC to renew a broadcast license if the FCC finds that the station has served the public interest, convenience and necessity and, with respect to the station, there have been no serious violations by the licensee of either the Communications Act or the FCC’s rules and regulations and there have been no other violations by the licensee of the Communications Act or the FCC’s rules and regulations that, taken together, constitute a pattern of abuse. The Company had no pending renewal applications at the end of 2025, and will have no applications due in 2026. Third parties may oppose license renewals. A station remains authorized to operate while its license renewal application is pending. License Assignments. The Communications Act requires prior FCC approval for the assignment or transfer of control of an FCC licensee. Third parties may oppose the Company’s applications to assign, transfer or acquire broadcast licenses. Full Power and Class A Station Regulations. The Communications Act and FCC rules and regulations limit the ability of individuals and entities to have certain official positions or ownership interests, known as "attributable" interests, above specific levels in full power broadcast stations as well as in other specified mass media entities. Many of these limits do not apply to Class A stations, television translators and LPTV authorizations. In seeking FCC approval for the acquisition of a broadcast television station license, the acquiring person or entity must demonstrate that the acquisition complies with applicable FCC ownership rules or that a waiver of the rules is in the public interest. Additionally, while the Communications Act and FCC regulations have been modified to no longer strictly prohibit ownership of a broadcast station license by any corporation with more than 25 percent of its stock owned or voted by non-U.S. persons, their representatives or any other corporation organized under the laws of a foreign country, foreign ownership above such threshold is determined by the FCC on a case-by-case basis, which analysis is subject to the specific circumstances of each such request. The FCC has also adopted regulations concerning children’s television programming, commercial limits, local issues and programming, political files, sponsorship identification, equal employment opportunity requirements and other requirements for full power and Class A broadcast television stations. The FCC’s rules require operational full-power and Class A stations to file quarterly reports demonstrating compliance with these regulations. LPTV and TV Translator Authorizations. LPTV stations and TV Translators have "secondary spectrum priority" to full-service television stations. The secondary status of these authorizations prohibits LPTV and TV Translator stations from causing interference to the reception of existing or future full-service television stations and requires them to accept interference from existing or future full-service television stations and other primary licensees. LPTV and TV Translator licensees are subject to fewer regulatory obligations than full-power and Class A licensees, and there no limit on the number of LPTV stations that may be owned by any one entity. Obscenity and Indecency Regulations. Federal law and FCC regulations prohibit the broadcast of obscene material on television at any time and the broadcast of indecent material between the hours of 6:00 a.m. and 10:00 p.m. local time. The FCC investigates complaints of broadcasts of prohibited obscene or indecent material and can assess fines of up to $0.35 million per incident for violation of the prohibition against obscene or indecent broadcasts and up to $3.3 million for any continuing violation based on any single act or failure to act. The FCC may also revoke or refuse to renew a broadcast station license based on a serious violation of the agency’s obscenity and indecency rules. Continued uncertain financial and economic conditions may have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations or financial condition. Financial and economic conditions continue to be uncertain over the longer term and the continuation or worsening of such conditions could reduce consumer confidence and have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and/or financial condition. If consumer confidence were to decline, this decline could negatively affect our advertising customers’ businesses and their advertising budgets. In addition, volatile economic conditions could have a negative impact on our industry or the industries of our customers who advertise on our stations, resulting in reduced advertising sales. Furthermore, it may be possible that actions taken by any governmental or regulatory body for the purpose of stabilizing the economy or financial markets will not achieve their intended effect. In addition to any negative direct consequences to our business or results of operations arising from these financial and economic developments, some of these actions may adversely affect financial institutions, capital providers, advertisers or other consumers on whom we rely, including for access to future capital or financing arrangements necessary to support our business. Our inability to extend or obtain financing in amounts and at times necessary could make it more difficult or impossible to meet our obligations or otherwise take actions in our best interests. 47 Certain stations are also benefiting from our retransmission consent agreements with multichannel video programming distributors ("MVPDs"), and we cannot predict the outcome of potential regulatory changes to the retransmission consent regime. Certain stations are also benefiting, although in very few instances on a small number of stations, on retransmission consent agreements. Our current retransmission consent agreements expire at various times over the next several years. No assurances can be provided that we will be able to renegotiate all of such agreements on favorable terms, on a timely basis, or at all. The failure to renegotiate such agreements could have no material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. ITEM 1B.  UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. ITEM 1C.  CYBERSECURITY Cybersecurity Risk Management, Strategy, and Governance Cybersecurity is a critical component of our operational integrity and strategic planning. Recognizing the evolving nature of cyber threats, we are committed to implementing robust cybersecurity measures to safeguard our digital assets, protect stakeholder interests, and ensure continuity of our operations. Cybersecurity Risk Management Processes Our approach to managing cybersecurity risks is proactive and comprehensive. We employ a range of methods to assess, identify and manage the risk of potential cybersecurity threats, including regular security audits, utilization of a third party service provider for security measures over our virtual environment, threat intelligence monitoring, and vulnerability assessments. We assess risks associated with third-party providers as part of our overall cybersecurity risk management framework by reviewing system and organization controls reports, when available, and other independent reports. We also generally require third parties to, among other things, maintain security controls to protect our confidential information and to promptly notify us of material breaches that may impact our data. Our risk management framework is designed to mitigate potential cybersecurity risks through a blend of technological safeguards, employee training programs, and incident response protocols. We devote resources to maintain and regularly update our systems and processes that are designed to protect the security of our computer systems, software, networks and other technology assets against attempts by unauthorized parties to obtain access to confidential information, destroy data, disrupt or degrade service, sabotage systems or cause other damage, and we have implemented certain review and approval procedures internally and with our banks; and have implemented system-wide changes. Cybersecurity Strategy and Investment Our cybersecurity strategy is integral to our broader risk management policy. We invest in state-of-the-art cybersecurity technologies and infrastructure to enhance our defensive capabilities and have a dedicated system of internal controls in place to prevent, monitor and remediate cyber risks including any risks from utilization of third party service providers. Additionally, we allocate resources for ongoing staff training and awareness programs to foster a culture of cybersecurity mindfulness across the organization and maintain dedicated channels of communication with our third party service provider monitoring our virtual environment to facilitate timely cyber incident identification and remediation. Our strategic investments in cybersecurity are tailored to address the unique challenges and risks pertinent to our industry and operational scope. Governance and Oversight The governance of our cybersecurity efforts is overseen by the Audit Committee , which includes individuals with experience in technology and cybersecurity. The board regularly reviews and guides our cybersecurity policies and practices. Management plays a critical role in implementing these policies and in the day-to-day management of cybersecurity risks. They are empowered with the maintenance, communication and enforcement of cybersecurity policies and employ proactive measures to improve cybersecurity through review of various third party cyber tools for potential implementation. Our Head of IT and Chief Financial Officer ("CFO") are responsible for overseeing the implementation of cybersecurity strategies and ensuring compliance with regulatory standards. In addition to our in-house expertise, our independent external auditors and our outsourced internal audit team, regularly test and asses our cybersecurity controls. Any cyber incidents that occur are escalated to the CFO to facilitate resolution. Any incident determined to be material is discussed with the Audit Committee and communicated to our internal and external auditors as well as our third party virtual environment service provider, when relevant. Material Effects of Cybersecurity Risks Our business strategy, results of operations and financial condition have not been materially affected by risks from cybersecurity threats or incidents. However, we cannot provide assurances that they will not be materially affected by such risks or material incidents in the future. We continually assess the material effects of potential cybersecurity risks on our financial and operational performance and maintain comprehensive insurance coverage to mitigate financial losses from potential cybersecurity incidents. 48 Compliance and Regulatory Considerations Our cybersecurity practices are in alignment with industry standards and regulatory requirements. We conduct regular reviews to ensure compliance with evolving cybersecurity laws and regulations. There have been no legal or regulatory proceedings related to cybersecurity against the Company in the reported period. We intend to further enhance our cybersecurity measures in response to the dynamic cyber threat landscape. This includes continuing to invest in advanced security technologies, refining our risk assessment methodologies, and continuing our commitment to staff training and development in cybersecurity awareness and best practices. ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES Our corporate headquarters are located in New York, New York. We own select fabrication facilities, warehouses, administrative and sales offices and lease administrative, technical and sales office space in various locations in the countries in which we operate. DBMG is headquartered in Phoenix, Arizona; Spectrum is headquartered in New York, New York; R2 Technologies is headquartered in Dublin, California. We believe that our present administrative, technical and sales office facilities are adequate for our anticipated operations and that similar space can be obtained readily as needed. ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS The information regarding any legal proceedings as set forth in Note 13. Commitments and Contingencies of the Consolidated Financial Statements, included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, is incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 4.  MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. PART II ITEM 5.  MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Common Stock INNOVATE common stock trades on the NYSE under the ticker symbol "VATE". Holders of Common Stock As of March 23, 2026, INNOVATE had approximately 43 holders of record of its common stock. This number does not include stockholders for whom shares were held in "nominee" or "street" name. Dividends INNOVATE paid no dividends on its common stock in 2025 or 2024, and our board of directors has no current intention of paying any dividends on our common stock in the near future. The payment of dividends on common stock, if any, in the future is within the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our earnings, our capital requirements, financial condition, the ability to comply with the requirements of the law and agreements governing our and our subsidiaries indebtedness. The secured indentures governing certain of our debt instruments contain covenants that, among other things, limit or restrict our ability to make certain restricted payments, including the payment of cash dividends with respect to our common stock. DBMG has a revolving line of credit and a term loan which contain similar covenants applicable to DBMG. Refer to Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and Capital Resources and Note 11. Debt Obligations to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more detail concerning our Secured Notes and other financing arrangements. Moreover, dividends may be restricted by other arrangements entered into in the future by us. For details on preferred share dividends refer to Note 16. Equity and Temporary Equity to the Consolidated Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated herein by reference. Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Equity Award Share Withholding Shares of common stock withheld as payment of withholding taxes in connection with the vesting or exercise of equity awards are treated as common stock repurchases. Those withheld shares of common stock are not considered common stock repurchases under an authorized common stock repurchase plan. During the year ended December 31, 2025, there were 15,122 shares withheld in connection with the vesting of employee equity awards at a weighted-average price of $7.52 per share. 49 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities None. ITEM 6.  [RESERVED] ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our consolidated annual financial statements and the notes thereto, each of which are contained in Item 8. entitled "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data ," and other financial information included herein. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. You should review the "

--- VENDORS ---
vendors. Refer to Item 1A - Risk Factors - "Risks Related to the Infrastructure segment " elsewhere in this document for discussion on DBMG’s reliance on suppliers of steel and steel components. Sales and Distributions DBMG obtains contracts through competitive bidding or negotiation, which generally are fixed-price, cost-plus, unit cost, or time and material arrangements. Bidding and negotiations require DBMG to estimate the costs of the project up front, with most projects typically lasting from one to twelve months. However, large and more complex projects can often last two years or more. 6 Marketing General managers along with sales managers lead DBMG’s sales and marketing efforts. Each general manager is primarily responsible for sales, estimating, and marketing efforts in defined geographic areas. In addition, DBMG employs full-time project estimators and chief estimators. DBMG’s sales representatives build and maintain relationships with general contractors, architects, engineers, OEMs, industrial owners, and other potential sources of business to identify potential new projects. DBMG generates future project reports to track the weekly progress of new opportunities. DBMG’s sales efforts are further supported by most of its executive officers, engineering, and strategic sales and marketing personnel, who have substantial experience in the design, detailing, modeling, fabrication, industrial construction, maintenance, and erection of structural steel and heavy steel plate. DBMG competes for new project opportunities through its relationships and interaction with its active and prospective customer base which provides valuable current market information and sales opportunities. In addition, DBMG is often contacted by governmental agencies in connection with public construction projects, and by large private-sector project owners, general contractors and engineering firms in connection with new building projects such as

--- MANUFACTURING ---
contract manufacturer have designed and operate our manufacturing facilities under the FDA's cGMP requirements and are subject to periodic inspection by the FDA for compliance with regulatory requirements. Because we are a manufacturer of medical devices, we must also comply with medical device reporting requirements by reviewing and reporting to the FDA whenever there is evidence that reasonably suggests that one of our products may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury. We must also report any incident in which our product has malfunctioned if that malfunction would likely cause or contribute to a death or serious injury if it were to recur. Labeling and promotional activities are subject to scrutiny by the FDA and, in certain circumstances, by the Federal Trade Commission. Medical devices approved or cleared by the FDA may not be promoted for unapproved or uncleared uses, otherwise known as “off-label” promotion. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses, and a company that is found to have improperly promoted off-label uses may be subject to significant liability, including substantial monetary penalties and criminal prosecution. The Glacial fx product is generally considered a non-medical product, referred to as a wellness product or electrical product depending on individual country requirements. The Glacial fx product is managed under the same Quality Management System, excluding medical device design controls, as the Glacial Rx product which include, among other things, testing, control, and documentation requirements. The regulatory classification of the product varies from country to country and has been approved as a medical device in Colombia, Peru, Panama, and United Arab Emirates. The regulatory review process for medical devices varies from country to country, and many countries also impose product standards, packaging requirements, environmental requirements, labeling requirements and import restrictions on devices. Each country has its own tariff regulations, duties, and tax requirements. All of these foreign regulatory requirements may change from time to time and our failure to comply with applicable foreign regulatory requirements may subject us to fines, suspension or withdrawal of regulatory approvals, product recalls, seizure of products, operating restrictions, criminal prosecution, or other adverse consequences. In international markets, we are required to obtain and maintain various quality assurance and quality management certifications. We have obtained the following international certifications: EN ISO 13485:2016 Medical Devices - Quality Management Systems - Requirements for regulatory purposes and Medical Device Single Audit Program (US, Canada, and Australia). In November 2024, we successfully completed a re-certification audit by our Certification Body, Société Générale de Surveillance ("SGS"). Sources of

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials, and other costs. With respect to bid projects, a formal bid is prepared detailing the specific services and materials DBMG plans to provide, along with payment terms and project completion timelines. Upon acceptance, DBMG’s bid proposal is finalized in a definitive contract. Competition The principal geographic and product markets DBMG serves are highly competitive, and this intense competition is expected to continue. DBMG competes with other contractors for commercial, industrial and specialty projects on a local, regional, or national basis. Continued service within these markets requires substantial resources and capital investment in equipment, technology and skilled personnel, and certain of DBMG’s competitors have financial and operating resources greater than DBMG. Competition also places downward pressure on DBMG’s contract prices and margins. The principal competitive factors within the industry are price, timeliness of project completion, quality, reputation, and the desire of customers to utilize specific contractors with whom they have favorable relationships and prior experience. While DBMG believes that it maintains a competitive advantage with respect to many of these factors, failure to continue to do so or to meet other competitive challenges could have a material adverse effect on DBMG’s results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. Human Capital As of December 31, 2025, DBMG's workforce was comprised of 3,525 full-time and 141 part-time employees, across the globe, including the U.S., Canada, Australia, India, the Philippines, New Zealand, Thailand and the UK. Part-time employees at DBMG include temporary employees, consultants and contractors. The number of people DBMG employs on an hourly basis fluctuates directly in relation to the amount of business DBMG performs. Certain of the fabrication and erection personnel DBMG employs are represented by various trade unions. DBMG is a party to several separate collective bargaining agreements with these unions in certain of its current operating regions, which expire (if not renewed) at various times in the future. Approximately 23.9% of DBMG’s employees are covered under various collective bargaining agreements. As of December 31, 2025, most of DBMG’s collective bargaining agreements are subject to automatic annual or other renewal unless either party elects to terminate the agreement on the scheduled expiration date. DBMG considers its relationship with its employees to be satisfactory and, other than sporadic and unauthorized work stoppages of an immaterial nature, none of which have been related to its own labor relations, DBMG has not experienced a work stoppage or other labor disturbance. DBMG strategically utilizes third-party fabrication and erection subcontractors on many of its projects and also subcontracts detailing services from time to time when its management determines that this would be economically beneficial (and/or when DBMG requires additional capacity for such services). DBMG’s inability to engage fabrication, erection and detailing subcontractors on favorable terms could limit its ability to complete projects in a timely manner or compete for new projects, which could have a material adverse effect on its operations. Legal, Environmental and Insurance DBMG is subject to claims and legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. Such matters are inherently uncertain, and there can be no guarantee that the outcome of any such matter will be decided favorably to DBMG or that the resolution of any such matter will not have a material adverse effect upon DBMG or the Company’s business, consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Neither DBMG nor the Company believes that any of such pending claims and legal proceedings will have a material adverse effect on its (or the Company’s) business, consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 7 DBMG’s operations and properties are affected by numerous federal, state and local environmental protection laws and regulations, such as those governing discharges to air and water and the handling and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes. These laws and regulations have become increasingly stringent and compliance with these laws and regulations has become increasingly complex and costly. There can be no assurance that such laws and regulations or their interpretation will not change in a manner that could materially and adversely affect DBMG’s operations. Certain environmental laws, such as CERCLA (the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act) and its state law counterparts, provide for strict and joint and several liability for investigation and remediation of spills and other releases of toxic and hazardous substances. These laws may apply to conditions at properties currently or formerly owned or operated by an entity or its predecessors, as well as to conditions at properties at which wastes or other contamination attributable to an entity or its predecessors come to be located. Although DBMG has not incurred any material environmental related liability in the past and believes that it is in material compliance with environmental laws, there can be no assurance that DBMG, or entities for which it may be responsible, will not incur such liability in connection with the investigation and remediation of facilities it currently operates (or formerly owned or operated) or other locations in a manner that could materially and adversely affect its operations. DBMG maintains commercial general liability insurance with umbrella coverage limits as well as professional liability insurance for professional services related to our work in steel erection and fabrication projects. DBMG also maintains insurance against property damage caused by fire, flood, explosion and similar catastrophic events that may result in physical damage or destruction of its facilities and property. All of DBMG’s policies are consistent with our estimated exposure and are in line with market guidelines. All policies are subject to various deductibles and coverage limitations. Although DBMG’s management believes that its insurance is adequate for its present needs, there can be no assurance that it will be able to maintain adequate insurance at premium rates that management considers commercially reasonable, nor can there be any assurance that such coverage will be adequate to cover all claims that may arise. Life Sciences Segment (Pansend Life Sciences, LLC) Our Life Sciences segment is comprised of Pansend Life Sciences, LLC ("Pansend") which maintains a controlling interest of 80.0% in Genovel Orthopedics, Inc. ("Genovel"), which seeks to develop products to treat early osteoarthritis of the knee, and, as of December 31, 2025, also has a controlling interest of 81.0% in R2 Technologies, Inc. ("R2 Technologies"), which develops aesthetic and medical technologies for the skin. Pansend also invests in other early stage or developmental stage healthcare companies including a 44.6% interest in MediBeacon Inc. ("MediBeacon"), a 1.6% fully diluted interest in Triple Ring Technologies, Inc. ("Triple Ring"), and a 20.1% interest in Scaled Cell Solutions, Inc. ("Scaled Cell") as of December 31, 2025. R2 Technologies, Inc. R2 Technologies develops and commercializes breakthrough aesthetic medical and non-medical devices in the aesthetic dermatology market. Headquartered in Dublin, California, R2 Technologies is the world leader in CryoAesthetics™ medical devices. R2 Technologies' Glacial® platform for precision contact cooling of the skin has been shown to reduce inflammation and also brighten dark spots. Skin lightening and brightening is a large and fast-growing segment of aesthetic dermatology. Current lightening products and/or procedures may be ineffective, unpredictable or even harmful, and patients often must compensate for lack of efficacy by using makeup or concealers. R2 Technologies developed the breakthrough CryoAesthetics™ technologies that uniquely deliver treatments that provide skin lightening, brightening, skin tone evening and reduction or elimination of hyperpigmentation and inflammation. R2’s patented CryoModulation technology uses controlled cooling to suppress melanin, inflammation and discomfort by precisely controlling time and temperature to deliver an effective treatment with little social downtime. Founded in 2014 by Pansend and Blossom Innovations, LLC, R2 Technologies exclusively licenses intellectual property developed at Massachusetts General Hospital ("MGH") and Harvard Medical School. In 2019, R2 Technologies brought on its strategic partner, Huadong Medicine Company, Ltd., (“Huadong”). In connection with Huadong's investment, R2 Technologies entered into a distribution agreement with Huadong under which R2 Technologies granted Huadong exclusive rights to distribute all of R2 Technologies' products in the Asia-Pacific region, and R2 Technologies is entitled to receive a share of Huadong's net sales from such products. In October 2025, R2 Technologies and Huadong entered into an amendment to the distribution agreement, which among other things, removed Huadong's exclusivity for distribution rights in the Asia-Pacific region, excluding China. This amendment became effective on January 1, 2026. R2 Technologies currently has four products in various stages of commercialization and development: 1. Glacial Rx – Originally launched in the first quarter of 2021 in the United States after receiving U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) clearance for use in dermatologic procedures for the removal of benign lesions of the skin and for use when cooling is intended for the temporary reduction of pain, swelling, inflammation, and hematoma from minor surgical procedures. When used with R2 Technologies' Dermabrasion Tips, the intended use includes general dermabrasion, scar revision, acne scar revision and tattoo removal. The Glacial Rx system effectively and comfortably addresses these conditions, leaving the skin with a smoother and brighter appearance with little downtime for the patient. The Glacial Rx system is sold into medical practices and is operated by trained healthcare professionals. 8 2. Glacial Spa – Originally launched in the first half of 2022 in China after receiving China Non-Medical Classification, the Glacial Spa is a cooling experience used to even skin tone, and brighten and lighten skin and is intended to be operated by a trained aesthetician. The Glacial Spa system is being sold by Huadong’s existing sales force to spas. This product launched in the United States and Canada in 2023, marketed as Glacial fx. See below for more details on Glacial fx. 3. Glacial fx – Originally launched in the third quarter of 2023 in the United States and Canada, the Glacial fx is intended to brighten, calm, and stimulate healthy, youthful skin through its intelligent precision cooling technology. The Glacial fx system has expanded R2’s North America market into other countries and all practice types, including nonmedical and retail chains, and is intended to be operated by a trained aesthetician. 4. Glacial AI – Currently undergoing research and development, the Glacial AI is an autonomous, robotic cooling device focused on whole-body skin lightening and brightening. Sales and Distribution In the United States and Canada, R2 Technologies utilizes a direct sales force to sell Glacial Rx and Glacial fx. As of December 31, 2025, R2 Technologies had total full-time employees of 34 and 9 part-time employees. Part-time employees at R2 Technologies includes hourly employees, temporary employees and contractors. In international markets, R2 Technologies sells Glacial Rx, Glacial fx and Glacial Spa through distributors. Currently, R2 Technologies has contracts with distributors to sell these products in Mexico, Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador, Panama, Costa Rica, Guatemala, Dominican Republic, Peru, Spain, United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, Qatar, Australia, Hong Kong, Singapore, Vietnam, China, United Kingdom, France, Kuwait, and India. Seasonality and Quarterly Results Our business is subject to moderate seasonal fluctuations. We typically experience the highest revenues and operating income in the fiscal fourth quarter and lowest revenues and operating income in the first fiscal quarter. As our business outside of the United States grows, seasonal fluctuations may smooth out. As a result, results for any interim period are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be achieved for the full fiscal year. Competition The medical technology and aesthetic product markets are highly competitive and dynamic and are characterized by rapid and substantial technological development and product innovations. Demand for our products could be limited by the products and technologies offered now or in the future by our competitors. Due to less stringent regulatory requirements, there are many more aesthetic products and procedures available for use in international markets than are cleared for use in the United States. There are also fewer limitations on the claims our competitors in international markets can make about the effectiveness of their products and the manner in which they can market them. As a result, we face more competition in these markets than in the United States. We also compete against medical technology and aesthetic companies, including those offering products and technologies unrelated to skin lightening and brightening, for physician resources and mind share. Some of our competitors have a broad range of product offerings, large direct sales forces, and long-term customer relationships, which could inhibit our market penetration efforts. Our potential customers also may need to recoup the cost of expensive products that they have already purchased from our competitors, and thus they may decide to delay or not to purchase our products. We believe that our products compete favorably, largely based on the following competitive factors: • Our products safely downregulate inflammation and pain, accelerate exfoliation and normalize melanin production. This is a breakthrough technology unlike any other currently available in the marketplace; • Our products are versatile, providing customized treatment capabilities for patients of all ages and skin types making every aesthetic patient a candidate; • Our products achieve measurable results with little to no patient discomfort and high patient satisfaction; and • Glacial Rx is FDA cleared in the United States as a complementary treatment to improve the patient experience of most other pain or inflammation inducing treatments. This allows practices to offer a highly differentiated experience to existing customers and attract new business, generating additional revenue. Governmental Approvals The design, development, manufacture, testing and sale of our Glacial Rx product is subject to regulation by numerous governmental authorities, principally the FDA, and corresponding state and foreign regulatory agencies. 9 The Glacial Rx product (also known as the Dermal Cooling System) has received 510(k) clearance from the FDA as a cryosurgical instrument intended for the use in dermatologic procedures for the removal of benign lesions of the skin; temporary reduction of pain, swelling, inflammation and hematoma from minor surgical procedures; use of optional dermabrasion tip accessories for general dermabrasion, scar revision, acne scar revision, and tattoo removal; pain minimization, inflammation, and thermal injury during laser and dermatological treatments and for temporary anesthetic relief of injections. We have received regulatory approval or are otherwise free to market the Glacial Rx product in numerous international markets. Any devices we manufacture or distribute pursuant to clearance or approval by the FDA are subject to pervasive and continuing regulation by the FDA and certain state agencies, including establishment registration and device listing with the FDA. We are required to adhere to applicable regulations detailed in the FDA’s current Good Manufacturing Practices ("cGMP") as set forth in the Quality System Regulation, which include among other things, testing, control and documentation requirements. Non-compliance with these standards can result in, among other things, fines, injunctions, civil penalties, recalls or seizures of products, total or partial suspension of production, refusal of the government to grant 510(k) clearance of devices, withdrawal of marketing approvals and criminal prosecutions. We and our contract manufacturer have designed and operate our manufacturing facilities under the FDA's cGMP requirements and are subject to periodic inspection by the FDA for compliance with regulatory requirements. Because we are a manufacturer of medical devices, we must also comply with medical device reporting requirements by reviewing and reporting to the FDA whenever there is evidence that reasonably suggests that one of our products may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury. We must also report any incident in which our product has malfunctioned if that malfunction would likely cause or contribute to a death or serious injury if it were to recur. Labeling and promotional activities are subject to scrutiny by the FDA and, in certain circumstances, by the Federal Trade Commission. Medical devices approved or cleared by the FDA may not be promoted for unapproved or uncleared uses, otherwise known as “off-label” promotion. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses, and a company that is found to have improperly promoted off-label uses may be subject to significant liability, including substantial monetary penalties and criminal prosecution. The Glacial fx product is generally considered a non-medical product, referred to as a wellness product or electrical product depending on individual country requirements. The Glacial fx product is managed under the same Quality Management System, excluding medical device design controls, as the Glacial Rx product which include, among other things, testing, control, and documentation requirements. The regulatory classification of the product varies from country to country and has been approved as a medical device in Colombia, Peru, Panama, and United Arab Emirates. The regulatory review process for medical devices varies from country to country, and many countries also impose product standards, packaging requirements, environmental requirements, labeling requirements and import restrictions on devices. Each country has its own tariff regulations, duties, and tax requirements. All of these foreign regulatory requirements may change from time to time and our failure to comply with applicable foreign regulatory requirements may subject us to fines, suspension or withdrawal of regulatory approvals, product recalls, seizure of products, operating restrictions, criminal prosecution, or other adverse consequences. In international markets, we are required to obtain and maintain various quality assurance and quality management certifications. We have obtained the following international certifications: EN ISO 13485:2016 Medical Devices - Quality Management Systems - Requirements for regulatory purposes and Medical Device Single Audit Program (US, Canada, and Australia). In November 2024, we successfully completed a re-certification audit by our Certification Body, Société Générale de Surveillance ("SGS"). Sources of Raw Materials and Suppliers We depend upon one contract manufacturer to build our products. We rely on purchase orders rather than long-term contracts with our contract manufacturer, which mitigates some risks, including price increases. However, this subjects us to other risks such as component material shortages. We continue to evaluate alternative sources of supply for these components and materials. Patents and Proprietary Technology To establish and protect our proprietary technologies and products, we rely on a combination of patent, copyright, trademark, and trade-secret laws, as well as confidentiality provisions in our contracts. We have implemented a patent strategy designed to protect our technology and facilitate commercialization of our current and future products. As of December 31, 2025, our patent portfolio comprised 129 issued patents and 7 pending patent applications, each of which we either own directly or for which we are the exclusive licensee. Our intellectual property portfolio for our CryoModulation technology was built through the combination of licensing patents from third parties and the issuance of new patents to us as the result of our ongoing development activities. Many of our issued and pending patents were exclusively licensed from General Hospital Corporation, which owns and operates the MGH and generally relate to our core technology. In general, patents have a term of 20 years from the application filing date or earliest claimed priority date. We expect our issued and exclusively licensed patents to expire in 2035 or later. We also rely on trade secrets, technical know-how, contractual arrangements, and continuing innovation to protect our intellectual property and maintain our competitive position. We have a policy to enter into confidentiality agreements with third parties, employees, and consultants. We also have a policy that our employees and consultants sign agreements requiring that they assign to us their interests in intellectual property such as patents and copyrights arising from their work for us. 10 Patent License Agreement On December 8, 2014, the Company entered into a Patent License Agreement with MGH, whereby R2 Technologies may use certain licensor assets and patent rights for the commercial development, manufacturing, distribution and use in products and processes. The agreement, as amended, calls for royalties to be paid at 8% of net sales of all products and processes with minimum guarantees. All milestones associated with the license agreement with MGH were completed in prior years and we made all required license fee and milestone payments to MGH in accordance with the Patent License Agreement, as amended. We continue to pay the royalty on net sales as required by the agreement and currently have no additional obligations to MGH resulting from any sublicensing agreement. MediBeacon, Inc. MediBeacon is a medical technology company specializing in the advances of fluorescent tracer agents and transdermal measurement. MediBeacon has developed a system that enables point of care assessment of kidney function. The Transdermal GFR System (“TGFR”) is comprised of the TGFR Sensor, TGFR Monitor, and Lumitrace (relmapirazin), which, together, allow assessment of the kidney function by measuring the clearance rate of the fluorescent agent as it leaves the body. The system records Lumitrace fluorescence intensity transdermally as a function of time via a sensor placed on the skin. The TGFR Sensor records 2.5 fluorescent readings per second, and the TGFR Monitor will display the average session TGFR reading at the patient's bedside or in the outpatient setting. On October 22, 2018, the FDA granted Breakthrough Device designation to the TGFR for the measurement of Glomerular Filtration Rate (“GFR”) in patients with impaired or normal kidney function. The FDA granted the TGFR a Breakthrough Device Designation because better tools are needed for the management of kidney patients, and this technology has the potential to provide for more effective patient management. Chronic kidney disease is estimated to affect more than 800 million people worldwide and is a leading cause of mortality worldwide. Under the Breakthrough Device program, the FDA works with companies to expedite regulatory review in order to give patients more timely access to innovative diagnostic and therapeutic technologies. MediBeacon completed its U.S. phase 3 TGFR Pivotal Study in the first quarter of 2023 and during the second quarter of 2023, submitted the results of the study to the FDA, and the results were published in April 2024 on the National Institutes of Health ("NIH") clinical studies website. On January 17, 2025, the FDA approved MediBeacon’s TGFR for the assessment of kidney function in patients with normal or impaired renal function. The TGFR is validated for use in the assessment of Glomerular Filtration Rate (GFR) in patients with stable kidney function at the point of care. The TGFR utilizes an intravenous Lumitrace injection but does not require blood draws or urine analysis, unlike current methodologies requiring multiple blood draws or urine samples. In addition, current clinical practice measured GFR (mGFR) assessment requires sophisticated clinical laboratory analysis away from the patient’s point of care. In February 2025, China's National Medical Products Administration (“NMPA”) approved MediBeacon's TGFR Monitor and TGFR Sensor. Full regulatory approval from China's NMPA occurred in October 2025, following its approval for the categorization of the Lumitrace (relmapirazin) injection as a drug in China. On December 16, 2025, the FDA approved the next generation MediBeacon TGFR System including the latest TGFR Reusable Sensor. The latest TGFR Reusable Sensor has been designed for patient comfort, ease of application, and reusability. It also lowers the cost compared to the single use TGFR Sensor previously approved by the FDA. MediBeacon expects to begin initial sales of the TGFR System to select academic medical centers in the first quarter of 2026 in the United States and China. MediBeacon fluorescent tracer agent-based monitoring systems hold promise in a range of potential medical applications, including: ◦ Gastrointestinal permeability, which has the potential to transform management of autoimmune and inflammatory diseases, including Crohn’s disease. Grants from the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, in collaboration with scientists at Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis and the Mayo Clinic, have supported MediBeacon’s research in this area. The first in-human clinical studies were completed to study the feasibility of using fluorescent tracer agent-based systems to quantify the permeability of the gastrointestinal tract in patients with active Crohn’s disease. ◦ Ocular angiography, which has the potential to diagnose and monitor vasculature leakage in the eye, a key factor in diagnosing and monitoring various diseases, including macular degeneration, diabetic retinopathy and retinal vasculitis while avoiding current potential clinical side effects such as allergic reactions, nausea and vomiting. MediBeacon was the recipient of a Small Business Innovation Research grant supported by the National Eye Institute of the NIH. MediBeacon is pursuing research into the use of Lumitrace to visualize vasculature in the eye. ◦ Surgical visualization feasibility, which has the potential to be used in open, laparoscopic and robotic surgeries to identify critical structures (e.g. ureters), tumor margins and blood flow in tissues in real-time. Research in this area is underway. 11 In 2015, Pansend Life Sciences became the largest equity investor in MediBeacon. In 2019, MediBeacon entered into a $30 million investment and exclusive commercialization partnership in Greater China with Huadong, under which MediBeacon granted Huadong the exclusive rights to distribute all of MediBeacon’s products in Greater China, and MediBeacon will receive royalty payments on net sales of the TGFR system. Under this agreement, Huadong is also responsible for funding clinical trials, commercial and regulatory activities relating to the TGFR system in 25 countries in the Asia-Pacific region, including Greater China. MediBeacon received the first $15 million tranche during 2019 at a pre-money valuation of approximately $300 million. In 2020, Huadong amended their agreements to provide for Huadong to prepay, at a minimum, $20 million of future China royalties to fund registration of the TGFR system as a Class 1 device in China, allowing it to immediately enter the Chinese hospital system. As of December 31, 2025, approximately $31.4 million had been received by MediBeacon. In November 2022, MediBeacon and Huadong amended their existing agreements for Huadong to provide approximately $10 million in additional funding to MediBeacon including, at a minimum, an additional $2.5 million in prepayment of future China royalties to accelerate other pre-commercialization activities. On February 23, 2023, pursuant to its amended commercial partnership with Huadong, MediBeacon issued $7.5 million of its preferred stock to Huadong, accelerating 50% of the remaining $15 million cash milestone investment due upon FDA approval of MediBeacon's TGFR. In January 2025, upon FDA approval, pursuant to the terms of MediBeacon's convertible notes, Pansend's convertible notes and the related accrued interest together totaling $12.9 million were converted into Series 3 Preferred Stock. In addition, pursuant to its amended commercial partnership with Huadong and, as a result of FDA approval, a $7.5 million investment in its preferred stock by Huadong was received in the first quarter of 2025 at a pre-money valuation of approximately $420 million. As a result of these transactions, Pansend's ownership in MediBeacon decreased from approximately 45.9% prior to the transaction to approximately 44.7% subsequent to the transaction. On a fully diluted basis, Pansend's ownership in MediBeacon decreased from 40.1% prior to the transaction to 39.7% subsequent to the transaction. As of December 31, 2025, Pansend's ownership in MediBeacon was 44.6% or 39.4% on a fully diluted basis. Genovel Orthopedics, Inc. Genovel is a medical device company developing novel partial and total knee replacements for the treatment of osteoarthritis of the knee based on patented technology developed at New York University School of Medicine. Triple Ring Technologies, Inc. Triple Ring is a research and development engineering company specializing in medical devices, homeland security, imaging sensors, optics, fluidics, robotics and mobile healthcare. Scaled Cell Solutions, Inc. Scaled Cell is an immunotherapy company developing a novel autologous cell therapy system to potentially improve current chimeric antigen receptor T-cell ("CAR-T") treatments. Spectrum Segment (HC2 Broadcasting Holdings Inc.) HC2 Broadcasting Holdings Inc., ("HC2B" and together with its subsidiaries, "Broadcasting"), a majority-owned subsidiary of INNOVATE, is an owner and operator of broadcast television ("TV") stations throughout the U.S. and an avenue for high-end content providers to deliver their product over-the-air ("OTA") to more homes and, ultimately, mobile devices, including through fifth-generation mobile network ("5G") channels, the technology of which is currently being explored. Broadcasting’s stations are interconnected to an internet protocol network backbone, which allows Broadcasting to monitor and operate the stations remotely, resulting in significant cost efficiencies. In connection with the Spectrum Notes Extension, INNOVATE entered into a related side letter (the "Spectrum Letter") with the lenders, which required us to meet certain milestones with respect to strategic alternatives for the Spectrum segment, such that, if the Spectrum Notes are not repaid in full in cash on or before November 1, 2025, the side letter provides that we are required to commence an alternative strategic process for HC2B which includes a sale of HC2B with the net proceeds to be applied to the Spectrum Notes. The November 1, 2025 milestone was not reached and in accordance with the Spectrum letter, management initiated a strategic process for HC2B. We have met or extended all milestones associated with the sale as of December 31, 2025. Subsequent to year-end, the December 31, 2025 milestone for a confidential information memorandum and bid process letter was met on the revised date of January 8, 2026. The February 1, 2026 milestone for the submission of at least one bona fide indication of interest in an HC2B sale was waived. The March 1, 2026 milestone for an executed letter of intent regarding an HC2B sale was extended to March 27, 2026. As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we are in compliance with the milestone covenants. As of December 31, 2025, Broadcasting operated 257 stations, including three Full Power stations, 53 Class A stations and 201 Low Power Television ("LPTV") stations. Broadcasting stations are collectively able to broadcast approximately 2,000 subchannels and reach 112 markets in the U.S., and Puerto Rico, including 39 of the top 40 markets. Broadcasting has approximately 112 stations concentrated in the top 40 markets. 12 Operating Broadcast Stations Below are Broadcasting’s operating stations as of December 31, 2025, listed by call sign and market rank: Market Market Rank (a) Station Service New York, NY 1 WKOB-LD LPTV Station W02CY-D LPTV Station Los Angeles, CA 2 KHIZ-LD LPTV Station KSKJ-CD Class A Station Chicago, IL 3 WPVN-CD Class A Station W31EZ-D LPTV Station KPDS-LD LPTV Station Dallas - Ft. Worth, TX 4 KHPK-LD LPTV Station KPFW-LD LPTV Station KNAV-LD LPTV Station KODF-LD LPTV Station K07AAD-D LPTV Station KJJM-LD LPTV Station Philadelphia, PA 5 WDUM-LD LPTV Station WZPA-LD LPTV Station W25FG-D LPTV Station WPSJ-CD Class A Station Houston, TX 6 KUVM-LD LPTV Station KUGB-CD Class A Station KUVM-CD Class A Station KBMN-LD LPTV Station KEHO-LD LPTV Station Atlanta, GA 7 WYGA-CD Class A Station WUVM-LD LPTV Station WDWW-LD LPTV Station WUEO-LD LPTV Station Washington, DC 8 W13DW-D LPTV Station Boston, MA 9 WLEK-LD LPTV Station San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose, CA 10 KQRO-LD LPTV Station KEMO-TV Full Power Station Tampa - St Petersburg - Sarasota, FL 11 W31EG-D LPTV Station W16DQ-D LPTV Station WXAX-CD Class A Station WTAM-LD LPTV Station Phoenix - Prescott, AZ 12 K12XP-D LPTV Station KTVP-LD LPTV Station KPDF-CD Class A Station Seattle, WA 13 KUSE-LD LPTV Station Detroit, MI 14 WDWO-CD Class A Station WUDL-LD LPTV Station Orlando - Daytona Beach - Melbourne, FL 15 WATV-LD LPTV Station WFEF-LD LPTV Station Minneapolis - St. Paul, MN 16 KWJM-LD LPTV Station KJNK-LD LPTV Station K33LN-D Class A Station K28PQ-D LPTV Station KMBD-LD LPTV Station KMQV-LD LPTV Station Denver, CO 17 KRDH-LD LPTV Station Miami - Ft. Lauderdale, FL 18 W16CC-D LPTV Station Cleveland - Akron - Canton, OH 19 WQDI-LD LPTV Station WUEK-LD LPTV Station 13 WEKA-LD LPTV Station KONV-LD LPTV Station Sacramento - Stockton - Modesto, CA 20 KBIS-LD LPTV Station K04QR-D LPTV Station KFTY-LD LPTV Station KBTV-CD Class A Station KFKK-LD LPTV Station KAHC-LD LPTV Station KFMS-LD LPTV Station K36QQ-D LPTV Station Charlotte, NC 21 WVEB-LD LPTV Station W15EB-D Class A Station WHEH-LD LPTV Station Raleigh - Durham - Fayetteville, NC 22 WNCB-LD LPTV Station WIRP-LD LPTV Station Portland, OR 23 KOXI-CD Class A Station St. Louis, MO 24 KPTN-LD LPTV Station K25NG-D Class A Station KBGU-LD LPTV Station W09DL-D LPTV Station WODK-LD LPTV Station WLEH-LD LPTV Station Indianapolis, IN 25 WUDZ-LD LPTV Station WSDI-LD LPTV Station WQDE-LD LPTV Station Nashville, TN 26 WCTZ-LD LPTV Station WKUW-LD LPTV Station Pittsburgh, PA 27 WJMB-CD Class A Station WWLM-CD Class A Station WMVH-CD Class A Station WKHU-CD Class A Station WWKH-CD Class A Station Salt Lake City, UT 28 KBTU-LD LPTV Station Baltimore, MD 29 WQAW-LD LPTV Station San Diego, CA 30 KSKT-CD Class A Station San Antonio, TX 31 K17MJ-D LPTV Station KOBS-LD LPTV Station K25OB-D Class A Station KSAA-LD LPTV Station KVDF-CD Class A Station KISA-LD LPTV Station KSSJ-LD LPTV Station Hartford - New Haven, CT 32 WTXX-LD LPTV Station WRNT-LD LPTV Station Kansas City, MO 33 KAJF-LD LPTV Station KCMN-LD LPTV Station KQML-LD LPTV Station Austin, TX 34 KGBS-CD Class A Station KVAT-LD LPTV Station Columbus, OH 35 WDEM-CD Class A Station Greenvll-Spart-Ashevll-And, SC 36 W22EY-D LPTV Station Milwaukee, WI 38 WTSJ-LD LPTV Station West Palm Beach - Ft. Pierce, FL 39 WDOX-LD LPTV Station WWCI-CD Class A Station WXOD-LD LPTV Station Las Vegas, NV 40 KNBX-CD Class A Station KHDF-CD Class A Station 14 KEGS-LD LPTV Station KVPX-LD LPTV Station K36NE-D Class A Station Jacksonville, FL 41 WODH-LD LPTV Station WKBJ-LD LPTV Station WJXE-LD LPTV Station WRCZ-LD LPTV Station Birmingham - Anniston - Tuscaloosa, AL 45 WUOA-LD LPTV Station WUDX-LD LPTV Station Oklahoma City, OK 47 KTOU-LD LPTV Station KBZC-LD LPTV Station KOHC-CD Class A Station Albuquerque - Santa Fe, NM 48 KQDF-LD LPTV Station KWPL-LD LPTV Station Louisville, KY 49 WKUT-LD LPTV Station New Orleans, LA 50 WTNO-CD Class A Station WQDT-LD LPTV Station Memphis, TN 51 W15EA-D Class A Station WPED-LD LPTV Station KPMF-LD LPTV Station WQEK-LD LPTV Station WQEO-LD LPTV Station Ft. Myers - Naples, FL 53 WGPS-LD LPTV Station Buffalo, NY 54 WWHC-LD LPTV Station WVTT-CD Class A Station Fresno - Visalia, CA 55 K17JI-D Class A Station KZMM-CD Class A Station Richmond - Petersburg, VA 56 WUDW-LD LPTV Station WWBK-LD LPTV Station WFWG-LD LPTV Station Mobile, AL - Pensacola, FL 57 WWBH-LD LPTV Station WEDS-LD LPTV Station Little Rock - Pine Bluff, AR 58 KWMO-LD LPTV Station K23OW-D LPTV Station KENH-LD LPTV Station Knoxville, TN 60 W19FF-D LPTV Station Tulsa, OK 61 KZLL-LD LPTV Station KUOC-LD LPTV Station Des Moines - Ames, IA 67 KRPG-LD LPTV Station KAJR-LD LPTV Station KCYM-LD LPTV Station Wichita - Hutchinson, KS 71 KFVT-LD LPTV Station Flint - Saginaw - Bay City, MI 72 WFFC-LD LPTV Station W35DQ-D LPTV Station Omaha, NE 73 KQMK-LD LPTV Station KAJS-LD LPTV Station Springfield, MO 74 KFKY-LD LPTV Station KCNH-LD LPTV Station Huntsville - Decatur - Florence, AL 75 W34EY-D Class A Station Madison, WI 77 W23BW-D Class A Station WZCK-LD LPTV Station Rochester, NY 79 WGCE-CD Class A Station Harlingen - Weslaco - Brownsville - McAllen, TX 80 KNWS-LD LPTV Station KRZG-CD Class A Station KAZH-LD LPTV Station Charleston - Huntington, WV 82 WOCW-LD LPTV Station Waco - Temple - Bryan, TX 83 KZCZ-LD LPTV Station 15 KAXW-LD LPTV Station K20KJ-D LPTV Station Savannah, GA 84 WDID-LD LPTV Station WUET-LD LPTV Station Charleston, SC 85 WBSE-LD LPTV Station Chattanooga, TN 86 WYHB-CD Class A Station Paducah, KY - Cape Girardeau, MO - Harrisburg, IL 90 W29CI-D Class A Station Shreveport, LA 91 K36MU-D LPTV Station Champaign - Springfield - Decatur, IL 92 WCQA-LD LPTV Station WEAE-LD LPTV Station W23EW-D LPTV Station Cedar Rapids - Waterloo - Iowa City, IA 94 KFKZ-LD LPTV Station K17MH-D LPTV Station Baton Rouge, LA 95 K27NB-D LPTV Station K29LR-D LPTV Station Ft. Smith - Fayetteville - Springdale - Rogers, AR 96 KAJL-LD LPTV Station KFLU-LD LPTV Station Myrtle Beach - Florence, SC 97 W33DN-D LPTV Station Boise, ID 98 K17ED-D Class A Station KFLL-LD LPTV Station KBKI-LD LPTV Station K31FD-D Class A Station Greenville - New Bern - Washington, NC 102 W35DW-D LPTV Station Reno, NV 103 K07AAI-D LPTV Station Tallahassee, FL - Thomasville, GA 105 W21EL-D LPTV Station Tyler - Longview- Nacogdoches, TX 106 KDKJ-LD LPTV Station KCEB Full Power Station KBJE-LD LPTV Station KKPD-LD LPTV Station KPKN-LD LPTV Station Lincoln - Hastings - Kearney, NE 107 KIUA-LD LPTV Station Augusta, GA - Aiken, SC 108 WIEF-LD LPTV Station Evansville, IN 109 WDLH-LD LPTV Station WELW-LD LPTV Station WEIN-LD LPTV Station Ft. Wayne, IN 110 WCUH-LD LPTV Station W30EH-D LPTV Station W25FH-D LPTV Station WFWC-CD Class A Station WODP-LD LPTV Station Fargo - Valley City, ND 113 K15MR-D LPTV Station Yakima - Pasco - Richland - Kennewick, WA 114 K33EJ-D Class A Station K28QK-D LPTV Station Traverse City - Cadillac, MI 116 W36FH-D LPTV Station Macon, GA 119 W28EU-D LPTV Station WJDO-LD LPTV Station Eugene, OR 120 KORY-CD Class A Station K06QR-D LPTV Station Montgomery - Selma, AL 121 WDSF-LD LPTV Station WQAP-LD LPTV Station Peoria - Bloomington, IL 122 W27EQ-D LPTV Station Santa Barbara - San Luis Obispo, CA 123 KLDF-CD Class A Station KQMM-CD Class A Station KDFS-CD Class A Station KVMM-CD Class A Station KSBO-CD Class A Station KZDF-LD LPTV Station 16 Lafayette, LA 124 K21OM-D LPTV Station Bakersfield, CA 125 KXBF-LD LPTV Station KTLD-CD Class A Station Wilmington, NC 126 WQDH-LD LPTV Station Columbus, GA - Opelika - Auburn, AL 127 W29FD-D LPTV Station W31EU-D LPTV Station Monterey - Salinas, CA 128 K09AAF-D LPTV Station La Crosse - Eau Claire, WI 129 W23FC-D LPTV Station Corpus Christi, TX 130 K21OC-D LPTV Station KCCX-LD LPTV Station K32OC-D LPTV Station KYDF-LD LPTV Station Amarillo, TX 132 KAUO-LD LPTV Station KLKW-LD LPTV Station Columbia - Jefferson City, MO 135 K35OY-D LPTV Station Lubbock, TX 140 K32OV-D LPTV Station KNKC-LD LPTV Station Topeka, KS 141 K35KX-D LPTV Station Palm Springs, CA 145 K21DO-D Class A Station Joplin, MO - Pittsburg, KS 151 KRLJ-LD LPTV Station KPJO-LD LPTV Station Bangor, ME 156 W32FS-D LPTV Station W20ER-D LPTV Station Biloxi-Gulfport, MS 158 W33EG-D LPTV Station Terre Haute, IN 159 W24FB-D LPTV Station Jackson, TN 174 WYJJ-LD LPTV Station Quincy, IL - Hannibal, MO - Keokuk, IA 175 WVDM-LD LPTV Station K14SU-D LPTV Station Bowling Green, KY 180 WCZU-LD LPTV Station Puerto Rico WWKQ-LD LPTV Station WOST Full Power Station W20EJ-D LPTV Station W27DZ-D LPTV Station WQQZ-CD Class A Station (a) Rankings are based on the relative size of a station’s Designated Market Area ("DMA") among the 210 generally recognized DMAs in the United States. Broadcast Operations Broadcasting carries 58 networks on its stations, distributing content across the U.S. Broadcasting provides free OTA programming to television viewing audiences in the communities it serves. The programming Broadcasting distributes includes networks targeting shopping, weather, sports and entertainment programming, as well as religious networks and networks targeting select ethnic groups. Revenues Broadcasting revenue is generated primarily from the sale of television airtime in return for a fixed fee or a portion of the third-parties' related advertisement sales, principally from channel leases and revenue sharing agreements with minimum guarantees included within certain contracts. In a typical broadcast station revenue agreement, we, as the owner/licensee of a station, make available, for a fee, airtime on one or multiple of our station subchannel(s) to a third party. The third party broadcasts its content during that airtime and collects revenue from any advertising it airs during such content. Broadcast station revenue is recognized over the life of the contract, when the program is broadcast. The fees charged can be fixed or variable, and the contracts that the Company enters into are generally short-term in nature; however, initial contract periods may exceed one year in length. Variable fees are usage/sales-based and are recognized as revenue when the subsequent usage occurs. 17 Strategy Broadcasting’s strategy includes the following initiatives: • Broadcasting is principally designed to be a nationwide OTA distribution platform, targeting the growing number of OTA households in the U.S.; • Broadcasting's vision is to capitalize on the opportunities to bring valuable content to more viewers over-the-air and to position itself for the changing media landscape and to take advantage of the technology advances rapidly underway in the industry; • As of December 31, 2025, 252 operating stations are connected to Broadcasting's cloud-based IP backbone and can be operated and monitored remotely, allowing for substantial cost savings and operating efficiencies. In 2018, Federal Communications Commission ("FCC") deregulation in TV broadcasting eliminated the need for full time employees and studio facilities in markets where Broadcasting operates Full Power and Class A stations, thus allowing Broadcasting to operate these stations remotely at greater cost efficiency; • Broadcasting's major focus is to attract the highest quality content providers looking for nationwide distribution. With its national footprint and cloud-based infrastructure, Broadcasting also expects to realize premium pricing for content distribution; • Broadcasting's growing revenue source is from providing national carriage to content providers. Carriage contracts pricing is in part determined by the signal contour of the broadcast station and the number of OTA TV households in a given market, as well as market supply and demand; and • Broadcasting's broad portfolio of stations and our redundant coverage in major markets facilitates our ability to explore new revenue streams from other uses of our spectrum without impairing our legacy broadcast revenues. This includes converting technology used by existing stations to new standards such as the Advanced Television Systems Committee's standards ("ATSC 3.0") to explore light housing and datacasting revenue opportunities. Also, it allows us to trial 5G broadcasting to determine the viability of commercial revenues over time. Competition Our television stations compete in the U.S. domestic media market for multicast network tenants, viewer audiences and advertisers. In the last several years, there has been increasing competition from not just cable channels but also streaming services, digital platforms, social media, and internet-delivered video channels. These media platforms have taken market share from OTA broadcast stations like ours. Full Power stations delivering OTA multicast networks also represent direct competition in all our markets. Because our stations are mostly LPTVs and Class A stations, our signal coverage of a market is often less than that of Full Power stations, resulting in a competitive advantage for Full Power stations. As a result of improvements in digital compression technology over the last several years, many Full Power stations have increased the number of subchannels that they can lease to OTA multicast networks, resulting in increased competition in many of our markets over the last several years. Because nearly all our stations are LPTV and Class A, they do not have primary channel “must carry” rights and, therefore, have no signal coverage and carriage on multiple video program distribution ("MVPD") systems. Our lack of MVPD distribution materially affects our television stations’ competitive position in attracting programmers and viewers. Specifically, MVPD systems can increase a broadcasting station’s competition for viewers in a market by providing both cable networks and distant television station signals not otherwise available to the station’s audience. Other sources of competition for audiences, programming and advertisers include streaming services, connected televisions, internet websites, mobile applications and wireless carriers, direct-to-consumer video distribution systems, and home entertainment systems. Recent developments by many companies, including internet streaming service providers and internet website operators, have expanded, and are continuing to expand, the variety and quality of broadcast and non-broadcast video programming available to consumers via the internet. Internet companies have developed business relationships with companies that have traditionally provided syndicated programming, network television and other content. As a result, additional programming has, and is expected to further become, available through non-traditional methods, which can directly impact the number of OTA TV viewers, and, thus, indirectly impact station revenues. Government Approvals and Regulation Federal broadcasting industry regulations limit our operating flexibility. The Federal Communications Commission ("FCC") regulates all local television broadcasters, including us. We must obtain FCC approval whenever we (i) apply for a new license; (ii) seek to renew or modify a license; (iii) purchase or sell a broadcast station license; and/or (iv) assign or transfer the control of one of our subsidiaries that holds a license. Our FCC licenses are critical to our operations, and we cannot operate without them. Our FCC licenses must be renewed every eight years. The current television license renewal cycle began in 2020, and all our licenses have been renewed as of the filing date of this Form 10-K. The weighted-average period prior to the next renewal for FCC licenses was 4.4 years and 5.4 years as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. While we cannot be certain that we will always obtain renewal grants in the future from the FCC, the FCC has historically renewed the Company’s broadcast licenses in substantially all cases. The Company does not believe that the expiration or non-renewal of any of our FCC licenses would have a material adverse effect on the expected future cash flows and profitability. The FCC can sanction us for programming broadcast on our stations that it finds to be indecent. Over the past several years, the FCC has increased its enforcement efforts regarding broadcast indecency and profanity. Additionally, our Full-Power stations and Class A stations are subject to additional FCC rules regarding the airing of mandatory children’s programming and local content. While we have measures in place to remain compliant, shortfalls in required programming for Full-Power stations and Class A stations may result in financial penalties levied by the FCC or, in worst cases, the loss of license. 18 Federal legislation and FCC rules have changed significantly in recent years and may continue to change. These changes may affect our ability to conduct our business in ways that we believe would be advantageous and may impact our operating results. ATSC 3.0 ATSC 3.0, is the next generation broadcast technology standard defining how television signals are broadcast and interpreted ("NextGen TV"). ATSC 3.0 is an enhancement to previous broadcast technology standards, providing enhanced picture and audio quality, mobility, addressability, increased capacity, and IP connectivity. ATSC 3.0 will offer a platform to merge linear programming and non-TV data services alongside OTA and over-the-top ("OTT"). As ATSC 3.0 provides for a more efficient use of spectrum, this could enable us to provide expanded or additional services to new and existing customers, Among the many emerging opportunities may be hyper-local news, weather, and traffic; dynamic ad insertion; geographic and demographic targeted advertising; customizable content; better measurement and analytics; the ability to share data with devices connected to the Internet; flexibility to add streams as needed; an ultra-high definition picture quality with enhanced immersive audio; and connectivity to automobiles. In addition, ATSC 3.0 may provide new emergency capabilities including advanced alerting functions which can relay evacuation routes and device wake-up features. Many of these may be available to mobile devices. Currently, Broadcasting is exploring commercial opportunities in datacasting on our platform that may offer incremental revenue opportunities over the next year. Human Capital As of December 31, 2025, Broadcasting employed 17 full-time employees and 1 part-time employee across the U.S. Environmental Regulation and Laws Our operations and properties, including those of DBMG, are subject to a wide variety of increasingly complex and stringent foreign, federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations, including those concerning emissions into the air, discharge into waterways, generation, storage, handling, treatment and disposal of waste materials and health and safety of employees. Sanctions for noncompliance may include revocation of permits, corrective action orders, administrative or civil penalties and criminal prosecution. Some environmental laws provide for strict, joint and several liability for remediation of spills and other releases of hazardous substances, as well as damage to natural resources. In addition, companies may be subject to claims alleging personal injury or property damage as a result of alleged exposure to hazardous substances. These laws and regulations may also expose us to liability for the conduct of or conditions caused by others, or for our acts that were in compliance with all applicable laws at the time such acts were performed. Compliance with federal, state and local provisions regulating the discharge of materials into the environment or relating to the protection of the environment has not had a material impact on our capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position. Based on our experience to date, we do not currently anticipate any material adverse effect on our business or consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows as a result of future compliance with existing environmental laws and regulations. However, future events, such as changes in existing laws and regulations or their interpretation, more vigorous enforcement policies of regulatory agencies, or stricter or different interpretations of existing laws and regulations, may require additional expenditures by us, which may be material. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that we will not incur significant environmental compliance costs in the future. Corporate Information INNOVATE, a Delaware corporation, was incorporated in 1994. Our Internet address is www.innovatecorp.com . We make available free of charge through our Internet website our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). The information on our website is not a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our reports filed with the SEC may be accessed at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. The information required by this item relating to our executive officers, directors and code of conduct is set forth in Item 10 of this Form 10-K. Information relating to our Audit Committee and Audit Committee Financial Expert will be set forth in our 2026 Proxy Statement under the Caption "Board Committees" and is incorporated herein by reference.

