TICKER: WELL
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chains. Under U.K. occupational health and safety legislation, all employers are subject to a general “duty of care” to protect their employees and others (which in the case of care homes includes residents and visitors) from harm arising from their work activities, as well as a wide range of more prescriptive duties and responsibilities (including under some environmental legislation). Failure to comply with U.K. health and safety or environmental legislation is a strict liability offense. The U.K. has national minimum wage legislation with a maximum fine for non-payment of £20,000 per worker and employers who fail to pay will be banned from being a company director for up to 15 years. Further, all employers in the U.K. are subject to strict immigration law rules under the Immigration Act 1971 which require them to ensure that all of their employees and workers have the right to work in the U.K. Material failures in this respect can lead to criminal liability. Also of relevance are the Agency Worker Regulations 2010 under with Agency Workers have a right to receive the same pay as comparator employees once they have been providing services for 12 weeks or more. Finally, from October 2024, employers in the U.K. have been under a proactive duty to take reasonable steps to prevent sexual harassment in the workplace. Failures in this respect can lead to adverse Employment Tribunal findings and compensation awards as well as investigation and enforcement action from the Equality & Human Rights Commission. Canada Senior living residences in Canada are provincially regulated. Within each province, there are different categories for senior living residences that are generally based on the level of care sought and/or required by a resident (e.g. assisted or retirement living, senior living residences, residential care or long-term care). In some of these categories and depending on the province, residences may be government funded, or the individual residents may be eligible for a government subsidy, while other residences are exclusively private pay. The governing legislation and regulations vary by province, but generally the object of the laws is to set licensing requirements and minimum standards for senior living residences and regulate operations. These laws empower regulators in each province to take a variety of steps to ensure compliance, conduct inspections, issue reports and generally regulate the industry. Ontario’s health privacy law, the Personal Health Information Act, 2004, was amended in 2024 to give Ontario’s health privacy regulator the ability to issue administrative monetary penalties up to CAD $ 50,000 (for natural persons) or CAD $500,000 (for all other persons). In September 2021, the province of Quebec adopted significant amendments to its privacy legislation (each of which are now in effect), including a new enforcement scheme with significant penalties and fines: up to CAD $10 million or 2% of global turnover (whichever is greater) for administrative monetary penalties and up to CAD $25 million or 4% of global turnover for penal fines. Quebec also enacted the Act respecting health and social services information, which came into force on July 1, 2024. The Act regulates the processing of personal health information by various health-related entities, including private seniors’ residences. Quebec’s private sector privacy law does not apply to health and social services information if the Act respecting health and social services information applies. The Act respecting health and social services information also contains penal provisions for contravention to certain obligations. These fines depend on the nature of the violation, but range between CAD $1,000 to CAD $10,000 and CAD $5,000 to CAD $100,000 (for natural persons) and CAD $3,000 to CAD $30,000 and between CAD $15,000 and CAD $150,000 (for all other persons). Minimum and maximum fines may be doubled for second offenses and tripled for third and subsequent offenses. Taxation The following summary of the taxation of the Company and the material U.S. federal income tax consequences to the holders of the equity of the Company and the debt securities of the Company and Welltower OP is for general information only and is not tax advice. This summary does not address all aspects of taxation that may be relevant to certain types of holders of stock or securities (including, but not limited to, insurance companies, tax-exempt entities, financial institutions or broker-dealers, persons holding shares of common stock as part of a hedging, integrated conversion, or constructive sale transaction or a straddle, traders in securities that use a mark-to-market method of accounting for their securities, investors in pass-through entities and non-U.S. corporations and persons who are not citizens or residents of the U.S.). 12 This summary does not discuss all of the aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be relevant to you in light of your particular investment or other circumstances. In addition, this summary does not discuss any state or local income taxation or non-U.S. income taxation or other non-U.S. tax consequences. This summary is based on current U.S. federal income tax laws. Subsequent developments in U.S. federal income tax law, including changes in law or differing interpretations, which may be applied retroactively, could have a material effect on the U.S. federal income tax consequences of purchasing, owning and disposing of our securities as set forth in this summary. Before you purchase our securities, you should consult your own tax advisor regarding the particular U.S. federal, state, local, non-U.S. and other tax consequences of acquiring, owning and selling our securities. General On April 1, 2022, the company formerly known as Welltower Inc. (“Old Welltower”), became a wholly-owned subsidiary of WELL Merger Holdco Sub Inc. in a transaction intending to qualify as a reorganization under Section 368(a)(1)(F) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code” and the “Reorganization”). In connection with the Reorganization, Old Welltower changed its name to Welltower OP Inc., WELL Merger Holdco Sub Inc. changed its name to Welltower Inc. and Old Welltower became a “qualified REIT subsidiary” of the Company. Effective on May 24, 2022, Welltower OP Inc. converted from a Delaware corporation into a Delaware limited liability company named Welltower OP LLC. Prior to the Reorganization, Old Welltower elected to be taxed as a REIT and was organized and operated in a manner intended to qualify as a REIT. As a result of the Reorganization, the Company is treated as a continuation of Old Welltower for U.S. federal income tax purposes. We have been organized and operated in a manner intended to qualify as a REIT and we intend to continue to operate in such a manner as to qualify as a REIT, but there can be no assurance that we will qualify or remain qualified as a REIT. Qualification and taxation as a REIT depend upon our ability to meet a variety of qualification tests imposed under U.S. federal income tax law with respect to our income, assets, distributions and share ownership, as discussed below under “Qualification as a REIT.” In any year in which we qualify as a REIT, in general, we will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on that portion of our REIT taxable income or capital gain that is distributed to stockholders. We may, however, be subject to tax at normal corporate rates on any taxable income or capital gain not distributed. If we elect to retain and pay income tax on our net capital gain, stockholders would be taxed on their proportionate shares of our undistributed net capital gain and would receive a refundable credit for their shares of any taxes paid by us on such gain. Despite qualifying as a REIT, we may be subject to U.S. federal income and excise tax as follows: • To the extent that we do not distribute all of our net capital gain or distribute at least 90%, but less than 100%, of our “REIT taxable income,” as adjusted, we will be subject to tax on the undistributed amount at regular corporate tax rates; • If we have net income from the sale or other disposition of “foreclosure property” that is held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business or other non-qualifying income from foreclosure property, such income will be taxed at the highest corporate rate; • Any net income from prohibited transactions (which are, in general, sales or other dispositions of property held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business, other than dispositions of foreclosure property) will be subject to a 100% tax; • If we fail to satisfy either the 75% or 95% gross income tests (as discussed below), but nonetheless maintain our qualification as a REIT because certain other requirements are met, we will be subject to a 100% tax on an amount equal to (1) the gross income attributable to the greater of (i) 75% of our gross income over the amount of qualifying gross income for purposes of the 75% gross income test (discussed below) or (ii) 95% of our gross income over the amount of qualifying gross income for purposes of the 95% gross income test (discussed below) multiplied by (2) a fraction intended to reflect our profitability; • If we fail to distribute during each year at least the sum of (i) 85% of our REIT ordinary income for the year, (ii) 95% of our REIT capital gain net income for such year (other than capital gain that we elect to retain and pay tax on) and (iii) any undistributed taxable income from preceding years, we will be subject to a 4% excise tax on the excess of such required distribution over amounts actually distributed; and • We will be subject to a 100% tax on certain amounts from certain transactions involving our “taxable REIT subsidiaries” that are not conducted on an arm’s length basis. See “Investments in Taxable REIT Subsidiaries.” We have acquired assets from “C” corporations in carryover basis transactions and may do so again in the future. A “C” corporation is generally defined as a corporation that is required to pay full corporate level U.S. federal income tax. If we recognize gain on the disposition of such assets during the five-year period beginning on the date on which the assets were acquired by us, then, to the extent of the assets’ “built-in gain” (e.g., the excess of the fair market value of the asset over the adjusted tax basis of the asset, in each case determined as of the beginning of the five-year period), we will be subject to tax on the gain at the highest regular corporate rate applicable. The results described in this paragraph with respect to the recognition of built-in gain assume that the “C” corporation did not make and was not treated as making an election to treat the built-in gain 13 assets as sold to an unrelated party on the date they were acquired by us. For our assets that are subject to the built-in gains tax, the potential amount of built-in gains tax will be an additional factor when considering a possible sale of such assets within the five-year period beginning on the date on which the assets were acquired by us. See Note 19 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the built-in gains tax. Qualification as a REIT A REIT is defined as a corporation, trust or association: (1) which is managed by one or more trustees or directors; (2) the beneficial ownership of which is evidenced by transferable shares or by transferable certificates of beneficial interest; (3) which would be taxable as a domestic corporation but for the U.S. federal income tax law relating to REITs; (4) which is neither a financial institution nor an insurance company; (5) the beneficial ownership of which is held by 100 or more persons in each taxable year of the REIT except for its first taxable year; (6) not more than 50% in value of the outstanding stock of which is owned during the last half of each taxable year, excluding its first taxable year, directly, indirectly or constructively, by or for five or fewer individuals (which includes certain entities) (the “Five or Fewer Requirement”); and (7) which meets certain income and asset tests described below. Conditions (1) to (4), inclusive, must be met during the entire taxable year and condition (5) must be met during at least 335 days of a taxable year of 12 months or during a proportionate part of a taxable year of less than 12 months. For purposes of condition (6), pension funds and certain other tax-exempt entities are treated as individuals, subject to a “look-through” exception in the case of certain pension funds. Based on publicly available information, we believe we have satisfied the share ownership requirements set forth in (5) and (6) above. In addition, Article VI of our by-laws provides for restrictions regarding ownership and transfer of shares. These restrictions are intended to assist us in continuing to satisfy the share ownership requirements described in (5) and (6) above but may not ensure that we will, in all cases, be able to satisfy such requirements. We have complied with, and will continue to comply with, tax regulatory rules to send annual letters to certain of our stockholders requesting information regarding the actual ownership of our stock. If, despite sending the annual letters, we do not know, or after exercising reasonable diligence would not have known, whether we failed to meet the Five or Fewer Requirement, we will be treated as having met the Five or Fewer Requirement. If we fail to comply with these tax regulatory rules, we will be subject to a monetary penalty. If our failure to comply were due to intentional disregard of the requirement, the penalty would be increased. However, if our failure to comply were due to reasonable cause and not willful neglect, no penalty would be imposed. For purposes of the REIT income and asset tests our assets and income will include any asset owned and any income earned directly or indirectly through a disregarded entity, including a “qualified REIT subsidiary,” and a proportionate share of the assets of, and any income earned through, any entity we own that is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, including Welltower OP. A corporation will qualify as a “qualified REIT subsidiary” if 100% of its stock is owned by a REIT, and the REIT does not elect to treat the subsidiary as a taxable REIT subsidiary. We will own substantially all of our assets and earn substantially all of our income through Welltower OP and its direct or indirect subsidiaries. Prior to the LLC Conversion, Welltower OP was treated as a “qualified REIT subsidiary,” provided that we qualified as a REIT during this period. After the LLC Conversion, Welltower OP became a disregarded entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes and was treated as a disregarded entity until additional regarded members were admitted to Welltower OP, at which time Welltower OP became a regarded entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Although we intend for any partnership in which we have acquired or will acquire an interest, directly or indirectly (a “Subsidiary Partnership”), to operate in a manner consistent with the requirements for our qualification as a REIT, we will be an indirect limited partner or non-managing member in some of the Subsidiary Partnerships. Though we nonetheless expect that all such Subsidiary Partnerships will be required to operate in a manner consistent with the requirements for our qualification as a REIT, if a Subsidiary Partnership in which we own an interest but do not have control takes or expects to take actions that could jeopardize our status as a REIT or require us to pay tax, we may be forced to dispose of our interest in such entity. In addition, it is possible that a Subsidiary Partnership could take an action which could cause us to fail a gross income or asset test and that we would not become aware of such action in time for us to dispose of our interest in the Subsidiary Partnership or take other corrective action on a timely basis. In that case, we could fail to qualify as a REIT unless we were able to qualify for a statutory REIT “savings” provision, which could require us to pay a significant penalty tax to maintain our REIT qualification. 14 Income Tests There are two separate percentage tests relating to our sources of gross income that we must satisfy each taxable year: • At least 75% of our gross income (excluding gross income from certain sales of property held primarily for sale) generally must be directly or indirectly derived each taxable year from “rents from real property,” dividends or other distributions on, and gain (other than gain from prohibited transactions) from the sale or other disposition of, REIT shares, mortgages on real property, other income from investments relating to real property or certain income from qualified temporary investments (the “75% gross income test”). • At least 95% of our gross income (excluding gross income from certain sales of property held primarily for sale) generally must be directly or indirectly derived each taxable year from any of the sources qualifying for the 75% gross income test and from dividends (including dividends from taxable REIT subsidiaries) and interest (the “95% gross income test”). Income from hedging and non-U.S. currency transactions is excluded from the 95% and 75% gross income tests if certain requirements are met but otherwise will constitute gross income which does not qualify under the 95% or 75% gross income tests. Rents received by us will qualify as “rents from real property” for purposes of satisfying the gross income tests for a REIT only if several conditions are met: • The amount of rent must not be based in whole or in part on the income or profits of any person, although rents generally will not be excluded merely because they are based on a fixed percentage or percentages of receipts or sales. • Rents received from a tenant will not qualify as rents from real property if the REIT, or an owner of 10% or more of the REIT, directly or constructively owns 10% or more of the tenant, unless the tenant is our taxable REIT subsidiary and certain other requirements are met with respect to the real property being rented. • If rent attributable to personal property leased in connection with a lease of real property is greater than 15% of the total rent received under the lease, then the portion of rent attributable to such personal property will not qualify as “rents from real property.” • For rents to qualify as rents from real property, we generally must not furnish or render services to tenants, other than through a taxable REIT subsidiary or an “independent contractor” from whom we derive no income, except that we may directly provide services that are usually or customarily rendered in the geographic area in which the property is located in connection with the rental of real property for occupancy only or are not otherwise considered rendered to the occupant for the occupant’s convenience. • We may lease “qualified healthcare properties” on an arm’s-length basis to a taxable REIT subsidiary if the property is operated on behalf of such subsidiary by a person that qualifies as an “independent contractor” and that is, or is related to a person that is, actively engaged in the trade or business of operating healthcare facilities for any person unrelated to us or our taxable REIT subsidiary (such person, an “eligible independent contractor”). If this is the case, the rent that the REIT receives from the taxable REIT subsidiary generally will be treated as “rents from real property.” A “qualified healthcare property” includes any real property and any personal property that is, or is necessary or incidental to the use of, a hospital, nursing facility, assisted living facility, congregate care facility, qualified continuing care facility, or other licensed facility that extends medical or nursing or ancillary services to patients and is operated by a provider of such services that is eligible for participation in the Medicare program with respect to such facility. A REIT is permitted to render a de minimis amount of impermissible services to tenants of a property and still treat rents received with respect to that property as rent from real property. The amount received or accrued by the REIT during the taxable year for the impermissible services with respect to a property may not exceed 1% of all amounts received or accrued by the REIT directly or indirectly from the property. The amount received for any service or management operation for this purpose shall be deemed to be not less than 150% of the direct cost of the REIT in furnishing or rendering the service or providing the management or operation. Furthermore, impermissible services may be furnished to tenants by a taxable REIT subsidiary subject to certain conditions, which would permit us to still treat rents received with respect to the property as rent from real property. The term “interest” generally does not include any amount if the determination of the amount depends in whole or in part on the income or profits of any person, although an amount generally will not be excluded from the term “interest” solely by reason of being based on a fixed percentage of receipts or sales or by reason of being based on the income or profits of a debtor which derives substantially all of its income with respect to the property securing such debt from the leasing of substantially all of such property to tenants, to the extent that the rents paid by the tenants would qualify as rents from real property if the Company earned such amounts directly. If we fail to satisfy one or both of the 75% or 95% gross income tests for any taxable year, we may nevertheless qualify as a REIT for such year if we are eligible for certain relief provisions provided by the Code. These relief provisions generally will be available if (i) following our identification of the failure, we file a schedule for such taxable year describing each item of our gross income, and (ii) the failure to meet such tests was due to reasonable cause and not due to willful neglect. It is not now 15 possible to determine the circumstances under which we may be entitled to the benefit of these relief provisions. If these relief provisions apply, a 100% tax is imposed on an amount equal to (i) the gross income attributable to (a) 75% of our gross income over the amount of qualifying gross income for purposes of the 75% gross income test and (b) 95% of our gross income over the amount of qualifying gross income for purposes of the 95% gross income test, multiplied by (ii) a fraction intended to reflect our profitability. The Secretary of the Treasury is given broad authority to determine whether particular items of income or gain qualify under the 75% and 95% gross income tests and to exclude items from the measure of gross income for such purposes. Asset Tests Within 30 days after the close of each quarter of our taxable year, we must also satisfy several tests relating to the nature and diversification of our assets determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. At least 75% of the value of our total assets must be represented by real estate assets (including interests in real property, interests in mortgages on real property or on interests in real property, shares in other REITs and debt instruments issued by publicly offered REITs), cash, cash items (including receivables arising in the ordinary course of our operation), government securities and qualified temporary investments (the “75% asset test”). Although the remaining 25% of our assets generally may be invested without restriction, we are prohibited from owning securities representing more than 10% of either the vote (the “10% vote test”) or value (the “10% value test”) of the outstanding securities of any issuer other than another REIT or a taxable REIT subsidiary. Further, no more than 25% (20% for taxable years beginning before January 1, 2026) of our total assets may be represented by securities of one or more taxable REIT subsidiaries (the “25% asset test”) and no more than 5% of the value of our total assets may be represented by securities of any non-governmental issuer (the “5% asset test”) other than a qualified REIT subsidiary, another REIT or a taxable REIT subsidiary. Each of the 10% vote test, the 10% value test and the 25% and 5% asset tests must be satisfied at the end of each quarter. There are special rules which provide relief if the value-related tests are not satisfied due to changes in the value of the assets of a REIT. Certain items are excluded from the 10% value test, including: (i) straight debt securities meeting certain requirements; (ii) any loan to an individual or an estate; (iii) any rental agreement described in Section 467 of the Code, other than with a “related person”; (iv) any obligation to pay rents from real property; (v) certain securities issued by a state or any subdivision thereof, the District of Columbia, a non-U.S. government, or any political subdivision thereof, or the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico; (vi) any security issued by a REIT; and (vii) any other arrangement that, as determined by the Secretary of the Treasury, is excepted from the definition of security (“10% Value Excluded Securities”). If a REIT, or its taxable REIT subsidiary, holds (i) straight debt securities of a corporate or partnership issuer and (ii) securities of such issuer that are not 10% Value Excluded Securities and have an aggregate value greater than 1% of such issuer’s outstanding securities, the straight debt securities will be included in the 10% value test. A REIT’s interest as a partner in a partnership is not treated as a security for purposes of applying the 10% value test to securities issued by the partnership. Further, any debt instrument issued by a partnership that is not a 10% Value Excluded Security will not be a security for purposes of applying the 10% value test (i) to the extent of the REIT’s interest as a partner in the partnership or (ii) if at least 75% of the partnership’s gross income (excluding gross income from prohibited transactions) would qualify for the 75% gross income test. For purposes of the 10% value test, a REIT’s interest in a partnership’s assets is determined by the REIT’s proportionate interest in any securities issued by the partnership (other than the excluded securities described in the preceding paragraph). If a REIT or its “qualified business unit” uses a non-U.S. currency as its functional currency, the term “cash” includes such non-U.S. currency, but only to the extent such non-U.S. currency is (i) held for use in the normal course of the activities of the REIT or “qualified business unit” which give rise to items of income or gain that are included in the 95% and 75% gross income tests or are directly related to acquiring or holding assets qualifying under the 75% asset test, and (ii) not held in connection with dealing or engaging in substantial and regular trading in securities. With respect to corrections of failures as to violations of the 10% vote test, the 10% value test or the 5% asset test, a REIT may avoid disqualification as a REIT by disposing of sufficient assets to cure a violation due to the ownership of assets that do not exceed the lesser of 1% of the REIT’s assets at the end of the relevant quarter or $10,000,000, provided that the disposition occurs within six months following the last day of the quarter in which the REIT first identified the violation. For violations of any of the REIT asset tests due to reasonable cause and not willful neglect that exceed the thresholds described in the preceding sentence, a REIT can avoid disqualification as a REIT after the close of a taxable quarter by taking certain steps, including disposition of sufficient assets within the six month period described above to meet the applicable asset test, paying a tax equal to the greater of $50,000 or the highest corporate tax rate multiplied by the net income generated by the non-qualifying assets during the period of time that the assets were held as non-qualifying assets and filing a schedule with the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) that describes the non-qualifying assets. Investments in Taxable REIT Subsidiaries REITs may own more than 10% of the voting power and value of securities in taxable REIT subsidiaries. Unlike a qualified REIT subsidiary, other disregarded entity or partnership, the income and assets of a taxable REIT subsidiary are not attributable to the REIT for purposes of satisfying the income and asset ownership requirements applicable to REIT qualification. Except as noted below with respect to a corporate entity that operates a healthcare or lodging facility, we and any taxable corporate entity in which we own an interest, directly or indirectly, are allowed to jointly elect to treat such entity as a “taxable REIT subsidiary.” 16 Certain of our subsidiaries have elected or will elect taxable REIT subsidiary status. Taxable REIT subsidiaries are subject to full corporate level U.S. federal taxation on their earnings but are permitted to engage in certain types of activities that cannot be performed directly by REITs without jeopardizing the REIT status of their parent REIT. The taxes to which our taxable REIT subsidiaries are subject will reduce the cash available for such taxable REIT subsidiaries to distribute as dividends to us. The IRS may redetermine amounts from transactions between a REIT and its taxable REIT subsidiary where there is a lack of arm’s-length dealing between the parties. Any taxable income allocated to, or deductible expenses allocated away, from a taxable REIT subsidiary would increase its tax liability. Further, redetermined amounts from certain transactions involving a REIT and its taxable REIT subsidiaries could be subject to a 100% tax if not conducted on an arm’s length basis. A taxable REIT subsidiary does not include any corporation that directly or indirectly operates or manages a lodging facility or a healthcare facility unless such facility is operated on behalf of such subsidiary by a person that is an independent contractor, and certain other requirements are met. The failure of a subsidiary of ours to qualify as a taxable REIT subsidiary as a result of operating a lodging facility or a healthcare facility could have an adverse effect on the Company’s ability to comply with the REIT income and asset tests, and thus could impair the Company’s ability to qualify as a REIT unless the Company could avail itself of certain relief provisions under the Code and pay any tax resulting therefrom. For tax years beginning after December 31, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (“IRA”) imposes among other things, a 15% Corporate Alternative Minimum Tax (“Corporate AMT”) on certain U.S. corporations with average adjusted financial statement income in excess of $1 billion. Although, by its terms, the Corporate AMT is not applicable to REITs, it is not certain whether or how the Corporate AMT would apply to our TRSs. The IRS has proposed regulations and issued several notices indicating its intention to propose further regulations providing guidance regarding the Corporate AMT and issuing certain interim rules on which taxpayers may rely. The proposed regulations do not include an exception for TRSs. Moreover, under the proposed regulations, in determining whether our TRSs meet the $1 billion average adjusted financial statement income (“AFSI”) the threshold for the Corporate AMT to apply, our TRSs generally will include all of our AFSI. As a result, under the proposed regulations, our TRSs may be subject to the Corporate AMT if the AFSI threshold is satisfied or otherwise does not meet the Corporate AMT safe harbor provisions. Additionally, the proposed regulations would impose new reporting obligations on each of our TRSs subject to the Corporate AMT that are a partner in a partnership, and on partnerships in which we are a member. Our taxable REIT subsidiaries may be subject to material U.S. federal income taxes under the Corporate AMT. Investments in REIT Subsidiaries The Company, through Welltower OP, owns and may acquire direct or indirect interests in one or more entities that have elected or will elect to be taxed as REITs under the Code (each, a “Subsidiary REIT”). A Subsidiary REIT is subject to the various REIT qualification requirements and other limitations described herein that are applicable to the Company. If a Subsidiary REIT were to fail to qualify as a REIT, then (i) that Subsidiary REIT would become subject to U.S. federal income tax and (ii) the Subsidiary REIT’s failure to qualify could have an adverse effect on the Company’s ability to comply with the REIT income and asset tests, and thus could impair the Company’s ability to qualify as a REIT unless the Company could avail itself of certain relief provisions under the Code and pay any tax resulting therefrom. Annual Distribution Requirements In order to avoid being taxed as a regular corporation, we are required to make distributions (other than capital gain distributions) to our stockholders which qualify for the dividends paid deduction in an amount at least equal to (1) the sum of (i) 90% of our “REIT taxable income” (computed without regard to the dividends paid deduction and our net capital gain) and (ii) 90% of the after-tax net income, if any, from foreclosure property, minus (2) a portion of certain items of non-cash income. These distributions must be paid in the taxable year to which they relate, or in the following taxable year if declared before we timely file our tax return for that year and if paid on or before the first regular distribution payment after such declaration. Prior to 2014, with respect to all REITs, the amount distributed could not be preferential. This means that every stockholder of the class of stock to which a distribution is made must be treated the same as every other stockholder of that class and no class of stock may be treated otherwise than in accordance with its dividend rights as a class (the “preferential dividend rule”). The preferential dividend rule no longer applies to publicly offered REITs; however, the rule is still applicable to REITs which are not publicly offered, which would include several of our Subsidiary REITs. To the extent that we do not distribute all of our net capital gain or distribute at least 90%, but less than 100%, of our “REIT taxable income,” as adjusted, we will be subject to tax on the undistributed amount at regular corporate tax rates. As discussed above, we may be subject to an excise tax if we fail to meet certain other distribution requirements. Although we intend to make timely distributions sufficient to satisfy these annual distribution requirements, economic, market, legal, tax or other factors could limit our ability to meet those requirements. It is also possible that, from time to time, we may not have sufficient cash or other liquid assets to meet the 90% distribution requirement, or to distribute such greater amount as may be necessary to avoid income and excise taxation, due to, among other things, (i) timing differences between (a) cash receipts and cash expenditures and (b) the inclusion of income and deduction of expenses in arriving at our taxable income, or (ii) the payment of expenditures that may not be deductible to us. In the event that timing differences occur, we may find it necessary to arrange for borrowings or, if possible, pay dividends in the form of taxable stock dividends in order to meet the distribution requirement. Under certain circumstances, including in the event of a deficiency determined by the IRS, we may be able to rectify a resulting failure to meet the distribution requirement for a year by paying “deficiency dividends” to stockholders in a later year, 17 which may be included in our deduction for distributions paid for the earlier year. Thus, we may be able to avoid being disqualified as a REIT and/or taxed on amounts distributed as deficiency dividends; however, we will be required to pay applicable penalties and interest based on the amount of any deduction taken for deficiency dividend distributions. Failure to Qualify as a REIT If we fail to qualify for taxation as a REIT in any taxable year, we will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on our taxable income at regular corporate rates. Distributions to stockholders in any year in which we fail to qualify as a REIT will not be deductible by us. As a result, we anticipate that our failure to qualify as a REIT would reduce the cash available for distribution by us to our stockholders. In addition, if we fail to qualify as a REIT, we will not be required to distribute any amounts to our stockholders and all distributions to stockholders will be taxable as regular corporate dividends to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits and will not be eligible for the 20% deduction under Section 199A of the Code applicable to certain non-corporate shareholders, including individuals. In such event, corporate stockholders may be eligible for the dividends-received deduction. In addition, non-corporate stockholders, including individuals, may be eligible for the preferential tax rates on qualified dividend income. If we fail to qualify as a REIT, such stockholders may not claim this deduction with respect to dividends paid by us. Unless entitled to relief under specific statutory provisions, we also will be disqualified from taxation as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year during which qualification was lost. It is not possible to state whether in all circumstances we would be entitled to statutory relief. Failure to qualify for even one year could result in our need to incur indebtedness or liquidate investments in order to pay potentially significant resulting tax liabilities. In addition to the relief described above under “Income Tests” and “Asset Tests,” statutory relief is available in the event that we violate a provision of the Code that would result in our failure to qualify as a REIT if: (i) the violation is due to reasonable cause and not due to willful neglect; (ii) we pay a penalty of $50,000 for each failure to satisfy the provision; and (iii) the violation does not include a violation described under “Income Tests” or “Asset Tests” above. It is not now possible to determine the circumstances under which we may be entitled to the benefit of these relief provisions. Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences to Holders of Our Stock and the Debt Securities of the Company and Welltower OP The following discussion is a summary of the material U.S. federal income tax consequences to you of acquiring, owning and disposing of stock of the Company or debt securities of the Company or Welltower OP. This discussion is limited to holders who hold stock of the Company or debt securities of the Company or Welltower OP as “capital assets” within the meaning of Section 1221 of the Code (generally, property held for investment). This discussion does not address all U.S. federal income tax consequences relevant to a holder’s particular circumstances, including the alternative minimum tax. In addition, except where specifically noted, it does not address consequences relevant to holders subject to special rules, including, without limitation: • U.S. expatriates and former citizens or long-term residents of the U.S.; • U.S. holders (as defined below) whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar; • persons holding stock or debt securities as part of a hedge, straddle or other risk reduction strategy or as part of a conversion transaction or other integrated investment; • banks, insurance companies and other financial institutions; • REITs or regulated investment companies; • brokers, dealers or traders in securities; • “controlled foreign corporations,” “passive foreign investment companies,” and corporations that accumulate earnings to avoid U.S. federal income tax; • S corporations, partnerships or other entities or arrangements treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes (and investors therein); • tax-exempt organizations or governmental organizations; • persons subject to special tax accounting rules as a result of any item of gross income with respect to stock or debt securities being taken into account in an applicable financial statement; • persons deemed to sell stock or debt securities under the constructive sale provisions of the Code; and • persons who hold or receive our stock pursuant to the exercise of any employee stock option or otherwise as compensation. THIS DISCUSSION IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY AND IS NOT INTENDED AS TAX ADVICE. INVESTORS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISORS WITH RESPECT TO THE APPLICATION OF THE U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX LAWS TO THEIR PARTICULAR SITUATIONS AS WELL AS ANY TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE ACQUISITION, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF OUR STOCK OR DEBT SECURITIES ARISING UNDER OTHER U.S. FEDERAL TAX LAWS (INCLUDING ESTATE AND GIFT TAX LAWS), UNDER THE LAWS OF ANY STATE, LOCAL OR NON-U.S. TAXING JURISDICTION OR UNDER ANY APPLICABLE TAX TREATY. 18 For purposes of this discussion, a “U.S. holder” is a beneficial owner of stock of the Company or debt securities of the Company or Welltower OP that, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, is or is treated as: • an individual who is a citizen or resident of the U.S.; • an entity classified as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes and created or organized under the laws of the U.S., any state thereof or the District of Columbia; • an estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income tax regardless of its source; or • a trust that (i) is subject to the primary supervision of a U.S. court and the control of one or more “United States persons” (within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code) or (ii) has a valid election in effect to be treated as a United States person for U.S. federal income tax purposes. For purposes of this discussion, a “non-U.S. holder” is any beneficial owner of our stock or debt securities that is neither a U.S. holder nor an entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. If an entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes holds our stock or debt securities, the tax treatment of a partner in the partnership will depend on the status of the partner, the activities of the partnership and certain determinations made at the partner level. Accordingly, partnerships holding stock of the Company or debt securities of the Company or Welltower OP and the partners in such partnerships should consult their tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences to them. Taxation of Taxable U.S. Holders of Our Stock Distributions Generally Distributions out of our current or accumulated earnings and profits will be treated as dividends and, other than with respect to capital gain dividends and certain amounts which have previously been subject to corporate level tax, as discussed below, will be taxable to our taxable U.S. holders as ordinary income when actually or constructively received. See “Tax Rates” below. As long as we qualify as a REIT, these distributions will not be eligible for the dividends-received deduction in the case of U.S. holders that are corporations or, except to the extent described in “Tax Rates” below, the preferential rates on qualified dividend income applicable to non-corporate U.S. holders, including individuals. For purposes of determining whether distributions to holders of our stock are out of our current or accumulated earnings and profits, our earnings and profits will be allocated first to our outstanding preferred stock, if any, and then to our outstanding common stock. To the extent that we make distributions on our stock in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits allocable to such stock, these distributions will be treated first as a tax-free return of capital to a U.S. holder to the extent of the U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in such shares of stock. This treatment will reduce the U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in such shares of stock by such amount, but not below zero. Distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits and in excess of a U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in its shares will be taxable as capital gain. Such gain will be taxable as long-term capital gain if the shares have been held for more than one year. Dividends we declare in October, November, or December of any year and which are payable to a holder of record on a specified date in any of these months will be treated as both paid by us and received by the holder on December 31 of that year, provided we actually pay the dividend on or before January 31 of the following year. U.S. holders may not include in their own income tax returns any of our net operating losses or capital losses. U.S. holders that receive taxable stock distributions, including distributions partially payable in our common stock and partially payable in cash, would be required to include the full amount of the distribution (i.e., the cash and the stock portion) as a dividend (subject to limited exceptions) to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as described above. The amount of any distribution payable in our common stock generally is equal to the amount of cash that could have been received instead of the common stock. Depending on the circumstances of a U.S. holder, the tax on the distribution may exceed the amount of the distribution received in cash, in which case such U.S. holder would have to pay the tax using cash from other sources. If a U.S. holder sells the common stock it received in connection with a taxable stock distribution in order to pay this tax and the proceeds of such sale are less than the amount required to be included in income with respect to the stock portion of the distribution, such U.S. holder could have a capital loss with respect to the stock sale that could not be used to offset such income. A U.S. holder that receives common stock pursuant to such distribution generally has a tax basis in such common stock equal to the amount of cash that could have been received instead of such common stock as described above, and has a holding period in such common stock that begins on the day immediately following the payment date for the distribution. Capital Gain Dividends Dividends that we properly designate as capital gain dividends will be taxable to our taxable U.S. holders as a gain from the sale or disposition of a capital asset held for more than one year, to the extent that such gain does not exceed our actual net capital gain for the taxable year. U.S. holders that are corporations may, however, be required to treat up to 20% of certain capital gain dividends as ordinary income. Retention of Net Capital Gains We may elect to retain, rather than distribute as a capital gain dividend, all or a portion of our net capital gains. If we make this election, we would pay tax on our retained net capital gains. In addition, to the extent we so elect, our earnings and profits (determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes) would be adjusted accordingly, and a U.S. holder generally would: 19 • include its pro rata share of our undistributed capital gain in computing its long-term capital gains in its U.S. federal income tax return for its taxable year in which the last day of our taxable year falls, subject to certain limitations as to the amount that is includable; • be deemed to have paid its share of the capital gains tax imposed on us on the designated amounts included in the U.S. holder’s income as long-term capital gain; • receive a credit or refund for the amount of tax deemed paid by it; and • increase the adjusted tax basis of its stock by the difference between the amount of includable gains and the tax deemed to have been paid by it. In addition, a U.S. holder that is a corporation is required to appropriately adjust its earnings and profits for the retained capital gains in accordance with Treasury Regulations. These Treasury Regulations have not yet been promulgated so the appropriate method for making such adjustment is unclear. Passive Activity Losses and Investment Interest Limitations Distributions we make and gain arising from the sale or exchange of our stock by a U.S. holder will not be treated as passive activity income. As a result, U.S. holders generally will not be able to apply any “passive losses” against this income or gain. A U.S. holder generally may elect to treat capital gain dividends, capital gains from the disposition of our stock and income designated as qualified dividend income, as described in “Tax Rates” below, as investment income for purposes of computing the investment interest limitation, but in such case, the holder will be taxed at ordinary income rates on such amount. Other distributions made by us, to the extent they do not constitute a return of capital, generally will be treated as investment income for purposes of computing the investment interest limitation. Dispositions of Our Stock Except as described below under “Redemption or Repurchase by Us,” if a U.S. holder sells or disposes of shares of our stock, it will recognize gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes in an amount equal to the difference between the amount of cash and the fair market value of any property received on the sale or other disposition of the shares and the holder’s adjusted tax basis in the shares. This gain or loss, except as provided below, will be long-term capital gain or loss if the holder has held such stock for more than one year. However, if a U.S. holder recognizes a loss upon the sale or other disposition of stock that it has held for six months or less, after applying certain holding period rules, the loss recognized will be treated as a long-term capital loss to the extent the U.S. holder received distributions from us which were required to be treated as long-term capital gains. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations. Redemption or Repurchase by Us A redemption or repurchase of shares of our stock will be treated under Section 302 of the Code as a distribution (and taxable as a dividend to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits as described above under “Distributions Generally”) unless the redemption or repurchase satisfies one of the tests set forth in Section 302(b) of the Code and is therefore treated as a sale or exchange of the redeemed or repurchased shares. The redemption or repurchase generally will be treated as a sale or exchange if it: • is “substantially disproportionate” with respect to the U.S. holder, • results in a “complete redemption” of the U.S. holder’s stock interest in us, or • is “not essentially equivalent to a dividend” with respect to the U.S. holder, all within the meaning of Section 302(b) of the Code. In determining whether any of these tests has been met, shares of our stock, including common stock and other equity interests in us, considered to be owned by the U.S. holder by reason of certain constructive ownership rules set forth in the Code, as well as shares of our stock actually owned by the U.S. holder, generally must be taken into account. Because the determination as to whether any of the alternative tests of Section 302(b) of the Code will be satisfied with respect to the U.S. holder depends upon the facts and circumstances at the time that the determination must be made, U.S. holders are advised to consult their tax advisors to determine such tax treatment. If a redemption or repurchase of shares of our stock is treated as a distribution, the amount of the distribution will be measured by the amount of cash and the fair market value of any property received. See “Distributions Generally.” A U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in the redeemed or repurchased shares generally will be transferred to the holder’s remaining shares of our stock, if any. If a U.S. holder owns no other shares of our stock, under certain circumstances, such basis may be transferred to a related person, or it may be lost entirely. Prospective investors should consult their tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of a redemption or repurchase of our stock. If a redemption or repurchase of shares of our stock is not treated as a distribution, it will be treated as a taxable sale or exchange in the manner described under “Dispositions of Our Stock.” Tax Rates Currently, the maximum tax rate for non-corporate taxpayers for (i) long-term capital gains, including certain “capital gain dividends,” generally is 20% (although depending on the characteristics of the assets which produced these gains and on designations which we may make, certain capital gain dividends may be taxed at a 25% rate) and (ii) “qualified dividend income” generally is 20%. In general, dividends payable by REITs are not eligible for the reduced tax rate applicable to qualified dividend income, except to the extent that certain holding period requirements have been met and the REIT’s dividends are attributable to dividends received from taxable corporations (such as its taxable REIT subsidiaries) or to income that was subject to tax at the corporate/REIT level (for example, if the REIT distributed taxable income that it retained and paid 20 tax on in the prior taxable year). Capital gain dividends will only be eligible for the rates described above to the extent that they are properly designated by us as “capital gain dividends.” As mentioned above, U.S. holders that are corporations may be required to treat up to 20% of some capital gain dividends as ordinary income. In addition, non-corporate U.S. holders, including individuals, generally may deduct up to 20% of dividends from a REIT, other than capital gain dividends and dividends treated as qualified dividend income, for purposes of determining their U.S. federal income tax (but not for purposes of the 3.8% Medicare tax), subject to certain holding period requirements and other limitations. Taxation of Tax-Exempt U.S. Holders of Our Stock Dividend income from us and gain arising upon a sale of shares of our stock generally should not be unrelated business taxable income (“UBTI”) to a tax-exempt U.S. holder, except as described below. This income or gain will be UBTI, however, to the extent a tax-exempt U.S. holder holds its shares as “debt-financed property” within the meaning of the Code. Generally, “debt-financed property” is property the acquisition or holding of which was financed through a borrowing by the tax-exempt holder. For tax-exempt U.S. holders that are social clubs, voluntary employee benefit associations or supplemental unemployment benefit trusts exempt from U.S. federal income taxation under Sections 501(c)(7), (c)(9) or (c)(17) of the Code, respectively, income from an investment in our shares will constitute UBTI unless the organization is able to properly claim a deduction for amounts set aside or placed in reserve for specific purposes so as to offset the income generated by its investment in our shares. These prospective investors should consult their tax advisors concerning these “set aside” and reserve requirements. Notwithstanding the above, however, a portion of the dividends paid by a “pension-held REIT” may be treated as UBTI as to certain trusts that hold more than 10%, by value, of the interests in the REIT. A REIT will not be a “pension-held REIT” if it is able to satisfy the “not closely held” requirement without relying on the “look-through” exception with respect to certain trusts or if such REIT is not “predominantly held” by “qualified trusts.” As a result of restrictions on ownership and transfer of our stock contained in our charter, we do not expect to be classified as a “pension-held REIT,” and as a result, the tax treatment described above should be inapplicable to our holders. However, because our common stock is (and we anticipate, will continue to be) publicly traded, we cannot guarantee that this will always be the case. Taxation of Non-U.S. Holders of Our Stock The following discussion addresses the rules governing U.S. federal income taxation of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of our stock by non-U.S. holders. These rules are complex, and no attempt is made herein to provide more than a brief summary of such rules. Accordingly, the discussion does not address all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation and does not address other U.S. federal, state, local or non-U.S. tax consequences that may be relevant to a non-U.S. holder in light of its particular circumstances. We urge non-U.S. holders to consult their tax advisors to determine the impact of U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. income and other tax laws and any applicable tax treaty on the acquisition, ownership and disposition of shares of our stock, including any reporting requirements. Distributions Generally Distributions (including any taxable stock distributions) that are neither attributable to gains from sales or exchanges by us of U.S. real property interests (“USRPIs”) nor designated by us as capital gain dividends (except as described below) will be treated as dividends of ordinary income to the extent that they are made out of our current or accumulated earnings and profits. Such distributions ordinarily will be subject to withholding of U.S. federal income tax at a 30% rate or such lower rate as may be specified by an applicable income tax treaty, unless the distributions are treated as effectively connected with the conduct by the non-U.S. holder of a trade or business within the U.S. (and, if required by an applicable income tax treaty, the non-U.S. holder maintains a permanent establishment in the U.S. to which such dividends are attributable). Under certain treaties, however, lower withholding rates generally applicable to dividends do not apply to dividends from a REIT. Certain certification and disclosure requirements must be satisfied for a non-U.S. holder to be exempt from withholding under the effectively connected income exemption. Dividends that are treated as effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business generally will not be subject to withholding but will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on a net basis in the same manner as dividends paid to U.S. holders are subject to U.S. federal income tax. Any such dividends received by a non-U.S. holder that is a corporation may also be subject to an additional branch profits tax at a 30% rate (applicable after deducting U.S. federal income taxes paid on such effectively connected income) or such lower rate as may be specified by an applicable income tax treaty. Except as otherwise provided below, we expect to withhold U.S. federal income tax at the rate of 30% on any distributions made to a non-U.S. holder unless: (1) a lower treaty rate applies and the non-U.S. holder furnishes an IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (or other applicable documentation) evidencing eligibility for that reduced treaty rate; or (2) the non-U.S. holder furnishes an IRS Form W-8ECI (or other applicable documentation) claiming that the distribution is income effectively connected with the non-U.S. holder’s trade or business. Distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits will not be taxable to a non-U.S. holder to the extent that such distributions do not exceed the adjusted tax basis of the holder’s stock, but rather will reduce the adjusted tax basis of such stock. To the extent that such distributions exceed the non-U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in such stock, they generally will give rise to gain from the sale or exchange of such stock, the tax treatment of which is described below. 21 However, such excess distributions may be treated as dividend income for certain non-U.S. holders. For withholding purposes, we expect to treat all distributions as made out of our current or accumulated earnings and profits. However, amounts withheld may be refundable if it is subsequently determined that the distribution was, in fact, in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits, provided that certain conditions are met. Capital Gain Dividends and Distributions Attributable to a Sale or Exchange of U.S. Real Property Interests Distributions to a non-U.S. holder that we properly designate as capital gain dividends, other than those arising from the disposition of a USRPI, generally should not be subject to U.S. federal income taxation, unless: (1) the investment in our stock is treated as effectively connected with the conduct by the non-U.S. holder of a trade or business within the U.S. (and, if required by an applicable income tax treaty, the non-U.S. holder maintains a permanent establishment in the U.S. to which such dividends are attributable), in which case the non-U.S. holder will be subject to the same treatment as U.S. holders with respect to such gain, except that a non-U.S. holder that is a corporation may also be subject to a branch profits tax of up to 30%, as discussed above; or (2) the non-U.S. holder is a nonresident alien individual who is present in the U.S. for 183 days or more during the taxable year and certain other conditions are met, in which case the non-U.S. holder will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at a rate of 30% on the non-U.S. holder’s capital gains (or such lower rate specified by an applicable income tax treaty), which may be offset by U.S. source capital losses of such non-U.S. holder (even though the individual is not considered a resident of the United States), provided the non-U.S. holder has timely filed U.S. federal income tax returns with respect to such losses. Pursuant to the Foreign Investment in Real Property Tax Act, which is referred to as “FIRPTA,” distributions to a non-U.S. holder that are attributable to gain from sales or exchanges by us of USRPIs, whether or not designated as capital gain dividends, will cause the non-U.S. holder to be treated as recognizing such gain as income effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business. Non-U.S. holders generally would be taxed at the regular rates applicable to U.S. holders, subject to any applicable alternative minimum tax and a special alternative minimum tax in the case of nonresident alien individuals. We also will be required to withhold and to remit to the IRS 21% of any distribution to non-U.S. holders attributable to gain from sales or exchanges by us of USRPIs. Distributions subject to FIRPTA may also be subject to a 30% branch profits tax in the hands of a non-U.S. holder that is a corporation. The amount withheld is creditable against the non-U.S. holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability. However, any distribution with respect to any class of stock that is “regularly traded,” as defined by applicable Treasury Regulations, on an established securities market located in the U.S. is not subject to FIRPTA, and therefore, not subject to the 21% U.S. withholding tax described above, if the non-U.S. holder did not own more than 10% of such class of stock at any time during the one-year period ending on the date of the distribution. Instead, such distributions generally will be treated as ordinary dividend distributions and subject to withholding in the manner described above with respect to ordinary dividends. Furthermore, distributions to “qualified foreign pension funds” or entities all of the interests of which are held by “qualified pension funds” are exempt from FIRPTA. Non-U.S. holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the application of these rules. Retention of Net Capital Gains Although the law is not clear on the matter, it appears that amounts we designate as retained net capital gains in respect of our stock should be treated with respect to non-U.S. holders as actual distributions of capital gain dividends. Under this approach, the non-U.S. holders may be able to offset as a credit against their U.S. federal income tax liability their proportionate share of the tax paid by us on such retained net capital gains and to receive from the IRS a refund to the extent their proportionate share of such tax paid by us exceeds their actual U.S. federal income tax liability. If we were to designate any portion of our net capital gain as retained net capital gain, non-U.S. holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the taxation of such retained net capital gain. Sale of Our Stock Except as described below under “Redemption or Repurchase by Us,” gain realized by a non-U.S. holder upon the sale, exchange or other taxable disposition of our stock generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax unless such stock constitutes a USRPI. In general, stock of a domestic corporation that is a “United States real property holding corporation,” or USRPHC, will constitute a USRPI. We believe that we are a USRPHC. Our stock will not, however, constitute a USRPI so long as we are a “domestically controlled qualified investment entity.” A “domestically controlled qualified investment entity” includes a REIT in which at all times during a five-year testing period less than 50% in value of its stock is held directly or indirectly by non-U.S. persons, subject to certain rules. For purposes of determining whether a REIT is a “domestically controlled qualified investment entity,” a person who at all applicable times holds less than 5% of a class of stock that is “regularly traded” is treated as a U.S. person unless the REIT has actual knowledge that such person is not a U.S. person. Because our common stock is (and we anticipate, will continue to be) publicly traded, no assurance can be given that we are or will continue to be a “domestically controlled qualified investment entity.” Even if we do not qualify as a “domestically controlled qualified investment entity” at the time a non-U.S. holder sells our stock, gain realized from the sale or other taxable disposition by a non-U.S. holder of such stock would not be subject to U.S. federal income tax under FIRPTA as a sale of a USRPI if: (1) such class of stock is “regularly traded,” as defined by applicable Treasury Regulations, on an established securities market such as the New York Stock Exchange; and 22 (2) such non-U.S. holder owned, actually and constructively, 10% or less of such class of stock throughout the shorter of the five-year period ending on the date of the sale or other taxable disposition or the non-U.S. holder’s holding period. In addition, dispositions of our stock by “qualified foreign pension funds” or entities all of the interests of which are held by “qualified foreign pension funds” are exempt from FIRPTA. Non-U.S. holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the application of these rules. Notwithstanding the foregoing, gain from the sale, exchange or other taxable disposition of our stock not otherwise subject to FIRPTA will be taxable to a non-U.S. holder if either (i) the investment in our stock is treated as effectively connected with the conduct by the non-U.S. holder of a trade or business within the U.S. (and, if required by an applicable income tax treaty, the non-U.S. holder maintains a permanent establishment in the U.S. to which such gain is attributable), in which case the non-U.S. holder will be subject to the same treatment as U.S. holders with respect to such gain, except that a non-U.S. holder that is a corporation may also be subject to the 30% branch profits tax (or such lower rate as may be specified by an applicable income tax treaty) on such gain, as adjusted for certain items, or (ii) the non-U.S. holder is a nonresident alien individual who is present in the U.S. for 183 days or more during the taxable year and certain other conditions are met, in which case the non-U.S. holder will be subject to a 30% tax on the non-U.S. holder’s capital gains (or such lower rate specified by an applicable income tax treaty), which may be offset by U.S. source capital losses of the non-U.S. holder (even though the individual is not considered a resident of the U.S.), provided the non-U.S. holder has timely filed U.S. federal income tax returns with respect to such losses. In addition, even if we are a domestically controlled qualified investment entity, upon disposition of our stock, a non-U.S. holder may be treated as having gain from the sale or other taxable disposition of a USRPI if the non-U.S. holder (i) disposes of such stock within a 30-day period preceding the ex-dividend date of a distribution, any portion of which, but for the disposition, would have been treated as gain from the sale or exchange of a USRPI and (ii) acquires, or enters into a contract or option to acquire, or is deemed to acquire, other shares of that stock during the 61-day period beginning with the first day of the 30-day period described in clause (i), unless such class of stock is “regularly traded” and the non-U.S. holder did not own more than 10% of such class of stock at any time during the one-year period ending on the date of the distribution described in clause (i). If gain on the sale, exchange or other taxable disposition of our stock were subject to taxation under FIRPTA or otherwise as a result of being effectively connected with the conduct by the non-U.S. holder of a trade or business within the U.S., the non-U.S. holder would be required to file a U.S. federal income tax return and would be subject to regular U.S. federal income tax with respect to such gain in the same manner as a taxable U.S. holder (subject to any applicable alternative minimum tax and a special alternative minimum tax in the case of nonresident alien individuals). In addition, if the sale, exchange or other taxable disposition of our stock were subject to taxation under FIRPTA, and if shares of the applicable class of our stock were not “regularly traded” on an established securities market, the purchaser of such stock generally would be required to withhold and remit to the IRS 15% of the purchase price. Redemption or Repurchase by Us A redemption or repurchase of shares of our stock will be treated under Section 302 of the Code as a distribution (and taxable as a dividend to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits) unless the redemption or repurchase satisfies one of the tests set forth in Section 302(b) of the Code and is therefore treated as a sale or exchange of the redeemed or repurchased shares. See “Redemption or Repurchase by Us” under “Taxation of Taxable U.S. Holders of Our Stock” above. Qualified shareholders and their owners may be subject to different rules and should consult their tax advisors regarding the application of such rules. If the redemption or repurchase of shares is treated as a distribution, the amount of the distribution will be measured by the amount of cash and the fair market value of any property received. See “Distributions Generally” above. If the redemption or repurchase of shares is not treated as a distribution, it will be treated as a taxable sale or exchange in the manner described above under “- Sale of Our Stock.” Taxation of Holders of Debt Securities of the Company or Welltower OP The following summary describes the material U.S. federal income tax consequences of acquiring, owning and disposing of debt securities of the Company or Welltower OP. This discussion assumes the debt securities will be issued with less than a statutory de minimis amount of original issue discount for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In addition, this discussion is limited to persons purchasing the debt securities for cash at original issue and at their original “issue price” within the meaning of Section 1273 of the Code (i.e., the first price at which a substantial amount of the debt securities is sold to the public for cash). U.S. Holders Payments of Interest. Interest on a debt security generally will be taxable to a U.S. holder as ordinary income at the time such interest is received or accrued, in accordance with such U.S. holder’s method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Sale or Other Taxable Disposition A U.S. holder will recognize gain or loss on the sale, exchange, redemption, retirement or other taxable disposition of a debt security. The amount of such gain or loss generally will be equal to the difference between the amount received for the debt security in cash or other property valued at fair market value (less amounts attributable to any accrued but unpaid interest, which will be taxable as interest to the extent not previously included in income) and the U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in the debt security. A U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in a debt security generally will be equal to the amount the U.S. holder paid for the debt security. Any gain or loss generally will be capital gain or loss and will be long- 23 term capital gain or loss if the U.S. holder has held the debt security for more than one year at the time of such sale or other taxable disposition. Otherwise, such gain or loss will be short-term capital gain or loss. Long-term capital gains recognized by certain non-corporate U.S. holders, including individuals, generally will be taxable at reduced rates. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations. Non-U.S. Holders Payments of Interest. Interest paid on a debt security to a non-U.S. holder that is not effectively connected with the non-U.S. holder’s conduct of a trade or business within the U.S. generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax or withholding, provided that: • the non-U.S. holder does not, actually or constructively, own 10% or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of our voting stock or 10% or more of the profits or capital in Welltower OP; • the non-U.S. holder is not a controlled foreign corporation related to us through actual or constructive stock ownership; and • either (i) the non-U.S. holder certifies in a statement provided to the applicable withholding agent under penalties of perjury that it is not a U.S. person and provides its name and address; (ii) a securities clearing organization, bank or other financial institution that holds customers’ securities in the ordinary course of its trade or business and holds the debt security on behalf of the non-U.S. holder certifies to the applicable withholding agent under penalties of perjury that it, or the financial institution between it and the non-U.S. holder, has received from the non-U.S. holder a statement under penalties of perjury that such holder is not a U.S. person and provides the applicable withholding agent with a copy of such statement; or (iii) the non-U.S. holder holds its debt security directly through a “qualified intermediary” (within the meaning of the applicable Treasury Regulations) and certain conditions are satisfied. If a non-U.S. holder does not satisfy the requirements above, such non-U.S. holder will be subject to withholding tax of 30%, subject to a reduction in or an exemption from withholding on such interest as a result of an applicable tax treaty. To claim such entitlement, the non-U.S. holder must provide the applicable withholding agent with a properly executed IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (or other applicable documentation) claiming a reduction in or exemption from withholding tax under the benefit of an income tax treaty between the U.S. and the country in which the non-U.S. holder resides or is established. If interest paid to a non-U.S. holder is effectively connected with the non-U.S. holder’s conduct of a trade or business within the U.S. (and, if required by an applicable income tax treaty, the non-U.S. holder maintains a permanent establishment in the U.S. to which such interest is attributable), the non-U.S. holder will be exempt from the U.S. federal withholding tax described above. To claim the exemption, the non-U.S. holder must furnish to the applicable withholding agent a valid IRS Form W-8ECI, certifying that interest paid on a debt security is not subject to withholding tax because it is effectively connected with the conduct by the non-U.S. holder of a trade or business within the U.S. Any such effectively connected interest generally will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at the regular rates. A non-U.S. holder that is a corporation may also be subject to a branch profits tax at a rate of 30% (or such lower rate specified by an applicable income tax treaty) on such effectively connected interest, as adjusted for certain items. The certifications described above must be provided to the applicable withholding agent prior to the payment of interest and must be updated periodically. Non-U.S. holders that do not timely provide the applicable withholding agent with the required certification, but that qualify for a reduced rate under an applicable income tax treaty, may obtain a refund of any excess amounts withheld by timely filing an appropriate claim for refund with the IRS. Non-U.S. holders should consult their tax advisors regarding their entitlement to benefits under any applicable income tax treaty. Sale or Other Taxable Disposition A non-U.S. holder will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on any gain realized upon the sale, exchange, redemption, retirement or other taxable disposition of a debt security (such amount excludes any amount allocable to accrued and unpaid interest, which generally will be treated as interest and may be subject to the rules discussed above in “Payments of Interest”) unless: • the gain is effectively connected with the non-U.S. holder’s conduct of a trade or business within the U.S. (and, if required by an applicable income tax treaty, the non-U.S. holder maintains a permanent establishment in the U.S. to which such gain is attributable); or • the non-U.S. holder is a nonresident alien individual present in the U.S. for 183 days or more during the taxable year of the disposition and certain other requirements are met. Gain described in the first bullet point above generally will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on a net income basis at the regular rates. A non-U.S. holder that is a corporation also may be subject to a branch profits tax at a rate of 30% (or such lower rate specified by an applicable income tax treaty) on such effectively connected gain, as adjusted for certain items. A non-U.S. holder described in the second bullet point above will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at a rate of 30% (or such lower rate specified by an applicable income tax treaty) on gain realized upon the sale or other taxable disposition of a debt security, which may be offset by U.S. source capital losses of the non-U.S. holder (even though the individual is not considered a resident of the U.S.), provided the non-U.S. holder has timely filed U.S. federal income tax returns with respect to such losses. 24 Non-U.S. holders should consult their tax advisors regarding any applicable income tax treaties that may provide for different rules. Information Reporting and Backup Withholding U.S. Holders A U.S. holder may be subject to information reporting and backup withholding when such holder receives payments on stock of the Company or debt securities of the Company or Welltower OP or proceeds from the sale or other taxable disposition of such stock or debt securities (including a redemption or retirement of a debt security). Certain U.S. holders are exempt from backup withholding, including corporations and certain tax-exempt organizations. A U.S. holder will be subject to backup withholding if such holder is not otherwise exempt and: • the holder fails to furnish the holder’s taxpayer identification number, which for an individual is ordinarily his or her social security number; • the holder furnishes an incorrect taxpayer identification number; • the applicable withholding agent is notified by the IRS that the holder previously failed to properly report payments of interest or dividends; or • the holder fails to certify under penalties of perjury that the holder has furnished a correct taxpayer identification number and that the IRS has not notified the holder that the holder is subject to backup withholding. Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules may be allowed as a refund or a credit against a U.S. holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability, provided the required information is timely furnished to the IRS. U.S. holders should consult their tax advisors regarding their qualification for an exemption from backup withholding and the procedures for obtaining such an exemption. Non-U.S. Holders Payments of dividends on stock of the Company or interest on debt securities of the Company or Welltower OP generally will not be subject to backup withholding, provided the applicable withholding agent does not have actual knowledge or reason to know the holder is a U.S. person and the holder either certifies its non-U.S. status, such as by furnishing a valid IRS Form W-8BEN, W-8BEN-E or W-8ECI, or otherwise establishes an exemption. However, information returns are required to be filed with the IRS in connection with any distributions on stock of the Company or interest on debt securities of the Company or Welltower OP paid to the non-U.S. holder, regardless of whether such distributions constitute a dividend or whether any tax was actually withheld. In addition, proceeds of the sale or other taxable disposition of such stock or debt securities (including a retirement or redemption of a debt security) within the U.S. or conducted through certain U.S.-related brokers generally will not be subject to backup withholding or information reporting if the applicable withholding agent receives the certification described above and does not have actual knowledge or reason to know that such holder is a U.S. person, or the holder otherwise establishes an exemption. Proceeds of a disposition of such stock or debt securities conducted through a non-U.S. office of a non-U.S. broker generally will not be subject to backup withholding or information reporting. Copies of information returns that are filed with the IRS may also be made available under the provisions of an applicable treaty or agreement to the tax authorities of the country in which the non-U.S. holder resides or is established. Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules may be allowed as a refund or a credit against a non-U.S. holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability, provided the required information is timely furnished to the IRS. Medicare Contribution Tax on Unearned Income Certain U.S. holders that are individuals, estates or trusts are required to pay an additional 3.8% tax on, among other things, dividends on stock, interest on debt obligations and capital gains from the sale or other disposition of stock or debt obligations, subject to certain limitations. U.S. holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the effect, if any, of these rules on their ownership and disposition of our stock or debt securities. Additional Withholding Tax on Payments Made to Non-U.S. Accounts Withholding taxes may be imposed under Sections 1471 to 1474 of the Code (such sections commonly referred to as the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (“FATCA”)) on certain types of payments made to non-U.S. financial institutions and certain other non-U.S. entities. Specifically, a 30% withholding tax may be imposed on dividends on stock of the Company, interest on debt securities of the Company or Welltower OP, in each case paid to a “foreign financial institution” or a “non-financial foreign entity” (each as defined in the Code), unless (i) the foreign financial institution undertakes certain diligence and reporting obligations, (ii) the non-financial foreign entity either certifies it does not have any “substantial United States owners” (as defined in the Code) or furnishes identifying information regarding each substantial United States owner, or (iii) the foreign financial institution or non-financial foreign entity otherwise qualifies for an exemption from these rules. If the payee is a foreign financial institution and is subject to the diligence and reporting requirements in clause (i) above, it must enter into an agreement with the U.S. Department of the Treasury requiring, among other things, that it undertake to identify accounts held by certain “specified United States persons” or “United States owned foreign entities” (each as defined in the Code), annually report certain information about such accounts, and withhold 30% on certain payments to non-compliant foreign financial institutions and certain other account holders. Foreign financial institutions located in jurisdictions that have an intergovernmental agreement with the U.S. governing FATCA may be subject to different rules. 25 Under the applicable Treasury Regulations and administrative guidance, withholding under FATCA generally applies to payments of dividends on stock of the Company or interest on debt securities of the Company or Welltower OP. While withholding under FATCA would have applied also to payments of gross proceeds from the sale or other disposition of stock or debt securities on or after January 1, 2019, proposed Treasury Regulations eliminate FATCA withholding on payments of gross proceeds entirely. Taxpayers generally may rely on these proposed Treasury Regulations until final Treasury Regulations are issued. Because we may not know the extent to which a distribution is a dividend for U.S. federal income tax purposes at the time it is made, for purposes of these withholding rules we may treat the entire distribution as a dividend. Non-U.S. holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the potential application of withholding under FATCA to their investment in stock of the Company or debt securities of the Company or Welltower OP. Other Tax Consequences State, local and non-U.S. income tax laws may differ substantially from the corresponding U.S. federal income tax laws, and this discussion does not purport to describe any aspect of the tax laws of any state, local or non-U.S. jurisdiction, or any U.S. federal tax other than income tax. You should consult your tax advisor regarding the effect of state, local and non-U.S. tax laws with respect to our tax treatment as a REIT and on an investment in our stock or debt securities. In addition, the tax laws and regulations in non-U.S. jurisdictions may impose costs and expenses on the Company, its subsidiaries and assets and investments of the Company held in non-U.S. jurisdictions (including the costs of compliance with and filings under applicable laws, rules and regulations). The Company has substantial assets, and will likely be subject to tax, reporting, legal, regulatory, and other obligations, in the U.K. and Canada. The treatment of an entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes may not be determinative of its treatment for certain state, local, or non-U.S. tax purposes. Additionally, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development has proposed model rules for a global minimum tax of 15% of reported profits (“Pillar 2”) that has been agreed upon in principle by over 140 countries. While the U.S. has not yet enacted rules implementing Pillar 2, both the U.K. and Canada have. However, on June 28, 2025, members of the Group of Seven (G7), which includes the U.K. and Canada, released a joint statement agreeing in principle to a “side-by-side” system in which Pillar 2 would not apply to certain U.S. parented groups. We cannot guarantee that the side-by-side system will go into effect, or if it does, that it will exempt us from Pillar 2. Although the Pillar 2 rules can lead to additional taxes (“Pillar 2 Taxes”), including taxes on our profits in the U.S., certain parts of the Pillar 2 rules do not apply to “Real Estate Investment Vehicles” and certain of their affiliates. In the event we do not qualify as a Real Estate Investment Vehicle, or one or more of our affiliates do not qualify as a “subsidiary” that is excluded from the Pillar 2 rules, or we do not otherwise qualify for a safe harbor under the Pillar 2 rules, we or our subsidiaries may be subject to Pillar 2 Taxes. We have undertaken an initial assessment, which determined we will meet the transitional safe harbor for the year ended December 31, 2025. We will continue to evaluate the potential consequences of Pillar 2 on our longer-term financial position. Tax Aspects of Our Investments in Welltower OP and Subsidiary Partnerships The following discussion summarizes certain U.S. federal income tax considerations applicable to our direct or indirect investments in subsidiary partnerships (including Welltower OP). Classification as Partnerships We are required to include in our income our distributive share of Welltower OP’s and Subsidiary Partnerships’ income and are entitled to deduct our distributive share of Welltower OP’s and Subsidiary Partnerships’ losses only if the applicable partnership is classified for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a partnership rather than as a corporation or association taxable as a corporation. An organization will be classified as a partnership, rather than as a corporation, for U.S. federal income tax purposes if it (i) is treated as a partnership under Treasury regulations relating to entity classification (the “check-the-box regulations”) and (ii) is not a “publicly traded partnership” taxable as a corporation. Under the check-the-box regulations, an unincorporated entity with at least two members may elect to be classified either as an association taxable as a corporation or as a partnership. Generally, if such an entity fails to make an election, it generally will be treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. We believe that Welltower OP is classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. A publicly traded partnership is a partnership whose interests are traded on an established securities market or are readily tradable on a secondary market (or the substantial equivalent thereof). While interests in Welltower OP and Subsidiary Partnerships will not be traded on an established securities market, they could possibly be deemed to be traded on a secondary market or its equivalent due to the redemption rights enabling the limited members to dispose of their interests. A publicly traded partnership will not, however, be treated as a corporation for any taxable year if 90% or more of the partnership’s gross income for such year consists of certain passive-type income, including (as may be relevant here) real property rents, gains from the sale or other disposition of real property, interest and dividends (the “90% Passive Income Exception”). The income requirements applicable to us in order for us to qualify as a REIT under the Code and the definition of qualifying income under the Passive Income Exception are very similar. Although differences exist between these two income tests, we do not believe that these differences would cause Welltower OP or Subsidiary Partnerships not to satisfy the 90% Passive Income Exception applicable to publicly traded partnerships. If for any reason Welltower OP or a Subsidiary Partnership were taxable as a corporation, rather than as a partnership, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, our ability to qualify as a REIT could be jeopardized. See “Income Tests” and “Asset Tests.” 26 In addition, any change in Welltower OP’s or a Subsidiary Partnership’s status for tax purposes might be treated as a taxable event, in which case we might incur tax liability without any related cash distribution. See “Annual Distribution Requirements.” Further, items of income and deduction of Welltower OP or a Subsidiary Partnership would not pass through to its members, and its members would be treated as shareholders for tax purposes. Consequently, Welltower OP or a Subsidiary Partnership would be required to pay income tax at corporate tax rates on its net income, and distributions to its members would constitute dividends that would not be deductible in computing such Welltower OP’s or Subsidiary Partnership’s taxable income. Members, Not Partnership, Subject to Tax Except as discussed below in “Revised Partnership Audit Rules,” a partnership itself is not a taxable entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Rather, we are required to take into account our allocable share of each partnership’s income, gains, losses, deductions and credits for any taxable year of the partnership ending during our taxable year, without regard to whether we have received or will receive any distribution from such partnership. Partnership Allocations Although a partnership agreement generally will determine the allocation of income and losses among partners, such allocations will be disregarded for tax purposes if they do not comply with the provisions of Section 704(b) of the Code and the Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. If an allocation is not recognized for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the item subject to the allocation will be reallocated in accordance with the partners’ interests in the partnership, which will be determined by considering all of the facts and circumstances relating to the economic arrangement of the partners with respect to such item. Welltower OP’s and each Subsidiary Partnerships’ allocations of taxable income, gain and loss are intended to comply with the requirements of Section 704(b) of the Code and the Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. Tax Allocations with Respect to Certain Properties Pursuant to Section 704(c) of the Code, income, gain, loss and deduction attributable to appreciated or depreciated property that is contributed to a partnership in exchange for an interest in the partnership must be allocated in a manner such that the contributing partner is charged with, or benefits from, respectively, the unrealized gain or unrealized loss associated with the property at the time of the contribution. The amount of such unrealized gain or unrealized loss is generally equal to the difference between the fair market value of contributed property at the time of contribution and the adjusted tax basis of such property at the time of contribution (a “Book-Tax Difference”). Such allocations are solely for U.S. federal income tax purposes and do not affect the book capital accounts or other economic or legal arrangements among the partners. Welltower OP’s partnership agreement requires such allocations to be made in a manner permitted under Section 704(c) of the Code. In general, the members who contribute property to Welltower OP will be allocated depreciation deductions for tax purposes which are lower than such deductions would be if determined on a pro rata basis. In addition, in the event of the disposition of any of the contributed assets (including our properties) which have a Book-Tax Difference, all gain or loss attributable to such Book-Tax Difference (to the extent not previously taken into account) will generally be allocated to the contributing members, including us, and other members will generally be allocated only their share of income attributable to gain or loss, if any, occurring after such contribution. This will tend to eliminate the Book-Tax Difference over the life of Welltower OP. However, the special allocation rules of Section 704(c) do not always entirely eliminate the Book-Tax Difference on an annual basis or with respect to a specific taxable transaction such as a sale. Thus, the carryover basis of the contributed assets in the hands of Welltower OP may cause us to be allocated lower depreciation and other deductions, and possibly an amount of taxable gain in the event of a sale of such contributed assets in excess of the economic or book income allocated to us as a result of such sale. A Book-Tax Difference may also arise as a result of the revaluation of property owned by a partnership in connection with certain types of transactions, including in connection with certain non-pro rata contributions of assets to, or distributions of assets by, Welltower OP in exchange for, or in redemption of, interests in Welltower OP. In the event of such a revaluation, the members (including us) who were members in the partnership immediately prior to the revaluation will be required to take any Book-Tax Difference created as a result of such revaluation into account in substantially the same manner as under the Section 704(c) rules discussed above. This would result in us being allocated income, gain, loss and deduction for tax purposes in amounts different than the economic or book income allocated to us by the partnership. The application of Section 704(c) to Welltower OP may cause us to recognize taxable income in excess of cash proceeds, which might adversely affect our ability to comply with the REIT distribution requirements. See “Annual Distribution Requirements.” The foregoing principles also apply in determining our earnings and profits for purposes of determining the portion of distributions taxable as dividend income. The application of these rules over time may result in a higher portion of distributions being taxed as dividends than would have occurred had we purchased the contributed or revalued assets at their agreed values. The IRS has issued regulations requiring partnerships to use a “reasonable method” for allocating items affected by Section 704(c) of the Code and outlining several reasonable allocation methods. We have the discretion to determine which of the methods of accounting for Book-Tax Differences (specifically approved in the Treasury regulations) will be elected with respect to any properties contributed to or revalued by Welltower OP. We have not determined which method of accounting for Book-Tax Differences will be elected for properties contributed to or revalued by Welltower OP in the future. Basis in Partnership Interest Our adjusted tax basis in a partnership interest generally is equal to: 27 • the amount of cash and the adjusted tax basis of any other property contributed (or deemed contributed) by us to the partnership, • increased by our allocable share of the partnership’s income, and • reduced, but not below zero, by ◦ our allocable share of the partnership’s loss, and ◦ the amount of cash and the basis of any property distributed (or deemed distributed) to us. If the allocation of our distributive share of the partnership’s loss would reduce the adjusted tax basis of our partnership interest in the partnership below zero, the recognition of such loss will be deferred until such time as the recognition of such loss would not reduce our adjusted tax basis below zero. To the extent that the partnership’s distributions (including deemed distributions) would reduce our adjusted tax basis below zero, such distributions would constitute taxable gain to us, which could be treated as ordinary income or long-term or short-term capital gain. Partnership Audit Rules A partnership (and not its partners) must pay any “imputed underpayments,” consisting of delinquent taxes, interest and penalties deemed to arise out of an audit of the partnership, unless certain alternative methods are available, and the partnership elects to utilize them. The IRS has issued regulations providing details on many of these provisions, but it is still not entirely clear how all of these rules will be implemented. Accordingly, it is possible that in the future, we and/or any partnership in which we are a partner could be subject to, or otherwise bear the economic burden of, U.S. federal income tax, interest and penalties resulting from a U.S. federal income tax audit. Internet Access to Our SEC Filings Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports, as well as our proxy statements and other materials that are filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) are made available, free of charge, on the Internet at www.welltower.com/investors, as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. We routinely post important information on our website at www.welltower.com in the “Investors” section, including corporate and investor presentations and financial information. We intend to use our website as a means of disclosing material, non-public information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Such disclosures will be included on our website under the heading “Investors.” Accordingly, investors should monitor such portion of our website in addition to following our press releases, public conference calls and filings with the SEC. The information on our website is not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our web address is included as an inactive textual reference only. Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K and the documents incorporated by reference contain statements that constitute “forward-looking statements,” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. When we use words such as “may,” “will,” “intend,” “should,” “believe,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “project,” “estimate” or similar expressions that do not relate solely to historical matters, we are making forward-looking statements. In particular, these forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those relating to our opportunities to acquire, develop or sell properties; our ability to close our anticipated acquisitions, investments or dispositions on currently anticipated terms, or within currently anticipated timeframes; the expected performance of our operators/tenants and properties; our expected occupancy rates; our ability to declare and to make distributions to stockholders; our investment and financing opportunities and plans; our continued qualification as a REIT; and our ability to access capital markets or other sources of funds. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially from our expectations discussed in the forward-looking statements. This may be a result of various factors, including, but not limited to: • the impact of macroeconomic and geopolitical developments, including economic downturns, elevated inflation and interest rates, political or social conflict, unrest or violence or similar events; • the status of capital markets, including availability and cost of capital; • issues facing the healthcare industry, including compliance with, and changes to, regulations and payment policies, responding to government investigations and punitive settlements, public perception of the healthcare industry and operators’/tenants’ difficulty in cost-effectively obtaining and maintaining adequate liability and other insurance; • changes in financing terms; • competition within the healthcare and seniors housing industries; • negative developments in the operating results or financial condition of operators/tenants, including, but not limited to, their ability to pay rent and repay loans; • our ability to transition or sell properties with profitable results; • the failure to make new investments or acquisitions as and when anticipated; • natural disasters, public health emergencies and extreme weather affecting our properties; 28 • our ability to re-lease space at similar rates as vacancies occur; • our ability to timely reinvest sale proceeds at similar rates to assets sold; • operator/tenant or joint venture partner bankruptcies or insolvencies; • the cooperation of joint venture partners; • government regulations affecting Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement rates and operational requirements; • liability or contract claims by or against operators/tenants; • unanticipated difficulties and/or expenditures relating to future investments or acquisitions; • environmental laws affecting our properties; • changes in rules or practices governing our financial reporting; • the movement of U.S. and foreign currency exchange rates and changes to U.S. and global monetary, fiscal or trade policies; • our approach to AI; • our ability to maintain our qualification as a REIT; • key management personnel recruitment and retention; and • the other risks and uncertainties described under “

--- VENDORS ---
vendors, operators, residents and tenants, in an effort to meet these objectives by encouraging and following evolving practices of environmental sustainability, including benchmarking our portfolio in ENERGY STAR Portfolio Manager, obtaining green building certifications, implementing energy efficient technologies and performing portfolio-wide physical and transition risk analyses to identify opportunities to help mitigate these risks. Our sustainability team is focused on investing in property improvement projects which meet the various objectives of our stakeholders, including providing an appropriate risk-adjusted return. The sustainability team is embedded within our asset management team, enabling them to create project scopes and specifications for energy saving component replacements and upgrades within our normal replacement schedules and when the economic benefits of the additional investment is optimized. We value and are committed to our employees. We believe that a diverse workplace promotes equal opportunity, produces a variety of perspectives, motivates employees and helps us understand and better serve our stakeholders and the communities in which we do business. We support seven employee network groups (“ENGs”) including women, families, racial and ethnic minorities, military, young professionals and those who identify as LGBTQI+ and their allies. Our ENGs provide support, education, networking opportunities and community belonging for our employees. These efforts support our ability to compete for and foster talent in an ever-changing workforce. In addition, we have several social initiatives in place that are focused on, among other things, engaging with our communities and promoting the health and well-being of our employees, tenants and residents. The Welltower Charitable Foundation (the “Foundation”) financially supports charitable initiatives related to aging, healthcare, the environment, education and the arts. We encourage our employees to give back to the community by matching their contributions and donating their time to eligible charitable organizations. Funds are also allocated to each of our ENGs to make charitable contributions in support of their programming efforts. The Welltower Charitable Foundation will provide a 100% match of employee donations to verified 501(c)(3) organizations, up to $2,500 per employee per calendar year. Additionally, the Foundation facilitates presentations for charities to compete in the Give-WELL campaign. This campaign enables our employees to present and vote for charities that will receive donations from the Foundation. During 2025, we sponsored our fifth annual Day of Giving so our employees could collaborate to make an impact with local charitable organizations through volunteer opportunities. See “Human Capital” below for additional information regarding our employee initiatives and programs. 6 Additional information regarding our sustainability programs and initiatives is available in our 2024 Sustainability Report (located on our website at www.welltower.com). Information on our website, including our Sustainability Report or sections thereof, is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report. Human Capital Our employees are our greatest asset. As of December 31, 2025, we had 712 employees (642 located in U.S., 49 in the U.K. and 21 in Canada). We remain committed to the success of our people and the diverse skills and experiences they contribute to advancing our mission. Strategic Growth Through Leadership and Organizational Development In 2025, we supported several leadership transitions designed to strengthen our long-term leadership bench and ensure continuity across the organization. We introduced the Welltower Tech Quad, appointing leaders in data, innovation, information, and technology to accelerate digital transformation, modernize infrastructure, and enhance analytics capabilities. We also promoted key leaders from Finance and Investments into newly created Executive Vice President roles, including a new function supporting Asset Management. These transitions reinforce our ongoing focus on leadership development, succession, strength, and strategic growth. Driving Performance Excellence and Empowering Leaders We continued to invest in technology to help our team operate efficiently while servicing a larger workforce. Investments include standardizing policies and procedures, growing our internal Human Capital team and providing development opportunities for our Human Capital professionals. We also streamlined our performance management practices, creating more rigorous connections between performance and compensation. This approach fosters a culture of rewards and recognition, driving accountability and high performance. Cultural and Employee Development In 2025, we continued to prioritize an inclusive and respectful workplace. Our civil treatment and inclusive leadership programs were delivered throughout the year, supporting our commitment to fostering a culture where employees feel values, respected and equipped to perform at their best. Additionally, we continued to focus on retaining and developing high-performing talent across the organization. This included completing a company-wide market study, expanding our compensation data sources and redesigning salary structures to ensure strong market alignment. Compensation, Wellbeing and Benefits We are dedicated to offering compensation and benefits to attract and retain top talent. In addition to competitive pay, our programs include comprehensive health coverage, retirement plans with strong matching programs, an employee stock program, tuition assistance, extended mental health support and paid leave offerings that support work-life integration. Throughout 2025, we expanded our wellness programs, strengthened family-care benefits and introduced new tools and resources to help employees better manage their health and personal responsibilities to ensure we keep wellbeing a top priority. To enhance collaboration, synergy and organizational velocity we transitioned back to a five-day in-office workweek. This decision was grounded in our belief that in-person connection creates the conditions for more effective teamwork, sustained innovation and a culture of continuous incremental progress to uphold the high-performance standards that define who we are. Credit Concentrations Please see Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements. Geographic Concentrations Please see “

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials have resulted in and could continue to result in delays in the start or completion of, or increase the cost of, developing one or more of our projects. Pricing for labor and raw materials can be affected by various national, regional, local, economic and political factors, including changes to immigration laws that impact the availability of labor or tariffs on imported construction materials. These macroeconomic trends have been, and may continue to be, exacerbated by supply chain disruptions, fluctuations in interest rates, geopolitical conflict and other international and domestic events impacting the macroeconomic environment. Additional conditions and risks affecting our development, redevelopment and construction projects include: (i) liability if our communities are not constructed in compliance with the accessibility provisions of the Americans with Disabilities Acts, the Fair Housing Act or other federal, state or local requirements, which noncompliance could result in imposition of fines, an award of damage to private litigants and a requirement that we undertake structural modifications to remedy the noncompliance; (ii) cost overruns, especially in the current geopolitical environment regarding international trade disputes, including tariffs imposed by the U.S. and retaliatory tariffs imposed by other nations, and untimely completion of construction (including risks beyond our control, such as weather or labor conditions, material shortages or supply chain delays); (iii) the potential for fluctuation of occupancy rates at redeveloped properties; (iv) the potential that we may expend funds and management time on projects that are not ultimately completed; (v) the inability to complete leasing of a property on schedule or at all, resulting in an increase in carrying or development or redevelopment costs; (vi) the possibility that properties will be leased at below expected rental rates, (vii) to the extent the development or redevelopment activities are conducted in partnership with third parties, the possibility of disputes with our joint venture partners and (ix) changing technologies and cultural trends that may negatively impact future demand for our properties. In connection with our renovation, redevelopment, development and related construction activities, we may be unable to obtain, or suffer delays in obtaining, necessary zoning, land-use, building, occupancy and other required governmental permits and authorizations, or satisfactory tax rates, incentives or abatements. Operators or managers of new facilities we construct may need to obtain Medicare and Medicaid certification and enter into Medicare and Medicaid provider agreements and/or third-party payor contracts. In the event that the operator or manager is unable to obtain the necessary licensure, certification, provider agreements or contracts after the completion of construction, there is a risk that we will not be able to earn any revenues on the facility until either the initial operator obtains a license or certification to operate the new facility and the necessary provider agreements or contracts, or we find and contract with a new operator or manager that is able to obtain a license to operate the facility for its intended use and the necessary provider agreements or contracts. We have experienced such delays in obtaining necessary licensing for constructed properties and may experience additional or more significant delays in the future. We rely on our development managers, general contractors and subcontractors to oversee and manage day-to-day construction activities. If any such party underperforms or experiences financial or other problems during the construction process, we could experience significant delays, increased costs to complete the project and/or other negative impacts to our expected returns and may need to exercise contractual remedies against such party, which may include termination of the applicable underlying service contract. In the event such termination occurs mid-construction, we would likely need to engage a new service provider, which could result in additional costs and delays as the transition between providers occurs. The above-described factors could result in increased costs or our abandonment of these projects. In addition, we may abandon opportunities we have begun to investigate, for a range of reasons, including changes in expected financing or construction costs, adverse changes in expected rents or expenses, adverse environmental and/or geotechnical findings, conditions to zoning approval, legal and regulatory hurdles, including moratoriums on development and redevelopment activities, changes in market and economic conditions, natural disasters and other catastrophic events, damage, vandalism or accidents, higher requirements for capital improvements, decreased demand due to competition or other market and economic conditions or defects that we do not discover through the inspection processes, which would result in additional expenses beyond those originally expected. In addition, we may not be able to obtain financing on favorable terms, or at all, which may render us unable to proceed with our development activities. We may not be able to complete construction and lease-up of a property on budget and on schedule, which could result in increased debt service expenses or construction costs. Additionally, the time frame required for development, construction and lease-up of these properties means that we may have to wait years for significant cash returns. Because we are required to make cash distributions to our stockholders, if the cash flow from operations or refinancing is not sufficient, we may be forced to borrow additional money to fund such distributions. Newly developed and acquired properties may not produce the cash flow that we expect, which could adversely affect our overall financial performance. Bank failures or other events affecting financial institutions could have a material adverse effect on our and our operators’ and tenants’ liquidity, results of operations and financial condition The failure of a bank, or events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance, or other adverse conditions in the financial or credit markets impacting financial institutions, or concerns or rumors about such events, may adversely impact us, either directly or through an adverse impact on our tenants, operators and borrowers. A bank failure or other event affecting 39 financial institutions could lead to disruptions in our or our tenants’, operators’ and borrowers’ access to bank deposits or borrowing capacity, including access to letters of credit from certain of our tenants relating to lease obligations. In addition, our or our tenants’, operators’ and borrowers’ deposits in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation limits may not be backstopped by the U.S. government, and banks or financial institutions with which we or our tenants, operators and borrowers do business may be unable to obtain needed liquidity from other banks, government institutions or by acquisition in the event of a failure or liquidity crisis. Any adverse effects to our tenants’, operators’ or borrowers’ liquidity or financial performance could affect their ability to meet their financial and other contractual obligations to us, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We may experience losses caused by severe weather conditions, natural disasters or the physical effects of climate change, which could result in an increase in our or our tenants’ cost of insurance, unanticipated costs associated with evacuation, a decrease in our anticipated revenues or a significant loss of the capital we have invested in a property A significant number of our properties are located in regions particularly susceptible to severe weather conditions and natural disasters, including hurricanes, wildfires, earthquakes, tornadoes, floods and freeze events in typically warmer climates. Our portfolio has historically been impacted by such events in various geographies, resulting at times in severe property damage. Beyond immediate disasters, long-term shifts in climate patterns, such as changes in precipitation and temperature, could result in further physical damage to our communities or a decrease in demand for properties in affected areas. These weather events also exert indirect pressure on our business by increasing the recurring costs of energy and maintenance. While we believe our insurance coverage and that of our tenants is currently appropriate based on industry practice and consultant analysis, we remain subject to the risk that such coverage will not fully account for all losses. Intensifying natural disasters and extreme weather events, coupled with the current economic climate, have affected the capacity of insurers to underwrite risk. This has led to increased premiums and deductibles, or limited availability of coverage altogether. Responding to these insurance limitations or to the direct effects of climate change may require significant capital expenditures without a corresponding increase in revenue. (For further information, see “

