TICKER: WNC
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chains across transportation, logistics, and infrastructure markets. To that end, we design, manufacture, and service a diverse range of products supporting first-to-final mile operations, including dry freight and refrigerated trailers, platform trailers, tank trailers, dry and refrigerated truck bodies, structural composite panels and products, trailer aerodynamic solutions, and specialty food grade processing equipment. In addition, through Wabash Hub, customers gain access to a nationwide parts and service network, Trailers as a Service (TaaS)℠, and advanced tools designed to streamline operations and drive growth. We have achieved this diversification through acquisitions, organic growth, and product innovation. We believe our position as a leader in our key industries is the result of longstanding relationships with our core customers, our demonstrated ability to attract new customers, our broad and innovative product lines, our engineering leadership, and our extensive dealer and preferred partner network. More importantly, we believe our leadership position is indicative of the Values and Leadership Principles that guide our actions. At Wabash, it is our focus on people, purpose, and performance that drives us to do better. Our Purpose is to change how the world reaches you; our Vision is to be a premier provider of diverse solutions that optimize customers’ end-to-end supply chains across transportation, logistics, and infrastructure markets and our Mission is to transform Wabash into a dynamic growth organization by merging physical products and digital technology to seamlessly serve our customers through a connected ecosystem of partners. Our Values are the qualities that govern our critical leadership behaviors and accelerate our progress. ▪ Be Curious: We will make bold choices and encourage creativity, collaboration and risk-taking to turn breakthrough ideas into reality. ▪ Have a Growth Mindset: We will be resilient and capable of the change required to succeed in a world that does not stand still. ▪ Create Remarkable Teams: We will create a workplace culture that allows individuals to be their best in order to retain and attract talent from diverse industries, geographies and backgrounds. Our Leadership Principles are the behaviors that provide definition to our actions and bring our values to life. ▪ Embrace Diversity and Inclusion: We solicit and respect the input of others, celebrate our differences and strive for transparency and inclusiveness. ▪ Seek to Listen: We listen to our customers, partners, and each other to reach the best solutions and make the strongest decisions. ▪ Always Learn: To model a growth mindset, we continue learning through every stage of our careers. We do not quit and we are not satisfied with the status quo. ▪ Be Authentic: Employees who thrive at Wabash are honest, have incredible energy and demonstrate grit in everything they do. ▪ Win Together: We collaborate, seek alignment and excel at cross-group communication to succeed as one team and One Wabash. 5 Table of Contents Wabash Management System The Wabash Management System (WMS) is our comprehensive approach to improving how we work every day. It's a set of principles, processes, and tools designed to help us solve problems at their root cause, reduce waste, and continuously improve our operations. WMS isn't just about following procedures; it is about cultivating a culture where everyone, from the shop floor to the office, is empowered to identify issues, suggest solutions, and make improvements. Our WMS principles lead "The Way," guiding our actions and decisions. These principles are supported by disciplines and processes, which, in turn, are reinforced by tools and capabilities. Combined, these principles, disciplines, processes, tools, and capabilities produce breakthrough results. Our seven key disciplines include the following: Strategic Deployment Process, Project Management, Change Management, Problem-Solving, Digital, Functional Excellence and Enterprise Processes. It is through these disciplines that we create a “One Wabash” approach for our employees and customers, add new business capabilities, and enable profitable growth. WMS puts our culture into action through a Lean mindset and respect for all, inspiring every employee to actively contribute to our enterprise transformation. WMS capability development has evolved from foundational awareness into a scalable, enterprise-wide system that builds leadership, problem-solving, and execution capability across the Company. WMS University serves as the primary learning and capability platform supporting this evolution, providing structured, role-based learning aligned to WMS principles and disciplines. Through a combination of digital learning, structured learning paths, virtual instruction, and hands-on application, the WMS training enables employees to consistently apply disciplines, processes, and tools to real business challenges. The curriculum is designed to support immediate application, sustainment, and continuous improvement, reinforcing WMS as a core enabler of performance and cultural alignment. In 2025, Wabash continued to advance its enterprise discipline maturity through targeted training and process optimization initiatives. Over 22,000 online courses were completed, and employees were trained in project management, change management, problem-solving, and enterprise processes. These efforts have accelerated the progression of key disciplines from early development stages toward maturity, supporting a culture of continuous improvement and functional excellence. The Project Management Office (PMO) implemented enhanced portfolio management practices, leveraging data-driven metrics to optimize project intake, execution, and resource allocation. Leadership remains focused on strategic alignment, risk management, and agility, ensuring that business objectives are met efficiently and that value is delivered across the enterprise. Our One Wabash organizational structure enables long-term growth for the Company with an intense focus on streamlined processes, product innovation, and a consistent, superior experience for all customers who seek our solutions in the transportation, logistics and infrastructure markets. Our goal is to leverage standardized processes to drive consistency from customer demand through fulfillment. Operating Segments Based on how the Chief Operating Decision Maker (“CODM”) manages the business, allocates resources, makes operating decisions, and evaluates operating performance, the Company manages its business in two operating and reportable segments: Transportation Solutions (“TS”) and Parts & Services (“P&S”). Additional information related to the composition of each segment is set forth below. Transportation Solutions Parts & Services ■   Dry & Refrigerated Van Trailers ■   Aftermarket Parts & Services ■   Platform Trailers ■   Truck Body Upfitting Solutions ■   Tank Trailers ■   Food, Dairy, and Beverage Equipment ■   Truck-Mounted Dry & Refrigerated Truck Bodies ■   DuraPlate ® Components & Parts ■   Wabash Parts LLC (See Note 6 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements) ■   Linq Venture Holdings LLC / Trailers as a Service (TaaS) SM (See Additional Information Below) Transportation Solutions The TS segment comprises the design and manufacturing operations for the Company’s transportation-related equipment and products. This includes dry and refrigerated van trailers, platform trailers, and the Company’s wood flooring production facility.  Additionally, the TS segment includes tank trailers and truck-mounted tanks. Finally, truck-mounted dry and refrigerated bodies, as well as service and stake bodies, are also included in the TS segment. Refer to the “Products” section below for additional information and details related to the TS segment’s product offerings. 6 Table of Contents Parts & Services The P&S segment comprises the Company’s Parts & Services business, as well as the Upfitting Solutions and Services business (a component of our Truck Bodies business). Additionally, the Company’s Composites business, which focuses on the use of DuraPlate ® composite panels beyond the semi-trailer market, is also part of the P&S segment. This segment also includes the Wabash Parts LLC entity, which we created with our partners as further described in Note 7 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Linq Venture Holdings LLC and our Trailers as a Service (TaaS) SM initiatives, which combine our market-leading trailer products with emerging capabilities like parts distribution and a growing maintenance and repair network to provide a valuable suite of services to our customers, are included in the P&S segment as well. Finally, the P&S segment includes the Company’s Engineered Products business, which manufactures stainless-steel storage tanks and silos, mixers and processors for a variety of end markets. Growing and expanding our parts and services offerings continues to be a key strategic initiative for the Company. Refer to the “Products” section below for additional information and details related to the P&S segment’s product offerings. Strategy Our mission is to transform Wabash into a dynamic growth organization by merging physical and digital technology to seamlessly serve our customers through a connected ecosystem of partners. As a part of this mission, we will focus on the following areas: ▪ Expanding customer value through focus and execution of our first-to-final mile solutions - Our first-to-final mile portfolio of products creates simplicity for customers managing through significant industry change and we will expand our focus to address critical pain points for our customers. ▪ Parts & Service growth - By growing our more recurring revenue business, we expect to achieve a larger base of less cyclical sales and profit to provide a more meaningful offset to the cycles we’ve historically seen in our Transportation Solutions business. A key part of this has been the ongoing development of our Wabash Parts joint venture with HTI, our digital product offerings and the continued broadening of our ecosystem, which includes customers, suppliers, dealers and technology partners.  As these initiatives mature, they will allow us to better balance the cyclicality profile of our business portfolio and they will also transform how we deliver value to our customers. ▪ Embedding advanced digital capabilities to create differentiated customer experiences - This will enable us to offer innovative solutions that set us apart from the competition and will harness data-driven insights and automate processes. ▪ Being an integrator of a growing ecosystem to accelerate growth and increase value for customers - The continued broadening of our ecosystem allows Wabash to uniquely engage across customers, suppliers, dealers and technology partners.  By leveraging our growing ecosystem to navigate shifts and seize emerging opportunities, we’re in the early innings of using our competencies as an integrator to develop innovative solutions to industry challenges. Our goal across these ecosystem partnerships is to move beyond transactional relationships to enable networks of stakeholders to co-create innovations larger than any one organization could achieve alone. Our commitment to driving customer-centric innovation and building a dynamic ecosystem of partners positions us to deliver profitable growth and adaptability in an evolving industry landscape. By combining physical and digital technologies, we empower our customers to navigate challenges and seize opportunities. Acquisition Strategy We believe that our overall business and segments have significant opportunities to grow through disciplined strategic acquisitions. When evaluating acquisition targets, we generally look for opportunities that exhibit the following attributes: ▪ Customer-focused solutions; ▪ Access to new technology and innovation; ▪ Strong management team that is a cultural fit; ▪ Aligned with our core competencies in purchasing, operations, distribution, and product development; and ▪ Growth markets, whether end-markets or geographical, within the transportation, logistics, and distribution industries. 7 Table of Contents Capital Allocation Strategy We believe that a balanced and disciplined capital allocation strategy is necessary to support our growth initiatives and create shareholder value. The objectives and goals of the Company’s capital allocation strategy are summarized below: Maintain Liquidity: § Manage the business for the long-term § Continue to be equipped for changes in market conditions and strategic growth opportunities Debt Management: § Maintain healthy leverage ratios Reinvest for Growth: § Fund capital expenditures and research and development that optimize strategic capacity to support demand as well as support our productivity initiatives Dividends: § Maintain our regular dividend which has been paid for the last nine consecutive years Share Repurchases: § Offset dilution from stock-based compensation § Opportunistically repurchase shares Industry and Competition Trailer demand is a direct function of the amount of freight to be transported. To monitor the state of the industry, we evaluate a number of indicators related to trailer manufacturing and the transportation industry. Recent trends we have observed include the following: The most recent estimates from industry forecasters ACT Research Co. (“ACT”) and FTR Associates (“FTR”) indicate total United States trailer production levels for 2025 of approximately 196,000 and 195,000, respectively, which represents a decrease of approximately 16.6% and 15.2%, respectively, from 2024 production levels. Current estimates from ACT and FTR for 2026 United States trailer production are 183,000 and 180,000, respectively, representing a decrease of approximately 6.6% and a decrease of 7.7%, respectively, versus 2025. These estimates are generally in-line with our expectations as trailer manufacturers manage a continued weak 2026 demand compared to previous years due to the continuing freight recession. ACT is forecasting annual new trailer production levels for 2027, 2028, 2029, and 2030 of approximately 257,000, 297,000, 307,000, and 299,000, respectively. In addition, FTR is forecasting annual new trailer production for for 2027, 2028, 2029 of approximately 231,000, 291,000, and 298,000, respectively. These estimates are generally more consistent with historical trailer industry production levels, and in some years higher than historical production levels. However, overall economic uncertainty and continued soft demand in the industry for certain of our products could continue to impact these estimates. This uncertainty and softness are evident in the ACT and FTR forecasts, particularly for 2026 production. However, we believe that our strategic plan and actions taken over the last several years have positioned us to remain well-suited to adapt to changes in the industry and demand environment due to our strong balance sheet, liquidity profile, and diversification. Additional discussion and analysis is included under the section titled "Industry Trends" included within Part II, Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Trailer manufacturers compete primarily through the quality of their products, customer relationships, innovative technology, and price. We have observed others in the industry also pursue the development and use of composite sidewalls that compete directly with our DuraPlate ® products. Our product development is focused on maintaining a leading position with respect to these products and on development of new products and markets, leveraging products across our segments such as EcoNex TM Technology, as well as our expertise in the engineering and design of customized products. The tank trailers component of our Transportation Solutions segment and the engineered products component of our Parts & Services segment, in most cases, participate in markets different from our historical core van and platform trailer product offerings. The customers and end markets that these components serve are broader and more diverse than the van and platform trailer industries, including the dairy, food and beverage, pharmaceutical, chemical, craft brewing, biotech, and specialty vehicle markets. In addition, our diversification efforts pertain to new and emerging markets and many of the products are driven by regulatory requirements or, in most cases, customer-specific needs. The truck body component of our Transportation Solutions segment competes in the specialized vehicle industry, whereby there are only a few national competitors and many smaller, regional companies. Competitive factors include quality of product, lead times, geographic proximity to customers, and the ability to manufacture a product customized to customer specifications. With our national presence, diverse product offerings, and One Wabash approach to customer relationships, we believe that we are well positioned to meet the competitive challenges presented. In addition, a growing part of the truck body product line is directly aligned with our trailer customers. 8 Table of Contents Human Capital Resources and Management As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately 4,700 Wabash employees. Throughout 2025, essentially all of our active employees were non-union. Our temporary employees represented approximately 1% of our overall production workforce as of December 31, 2025. We believe our commitment to our human capital resources is key to our mission, and our people are at the core of our Values and Leadership Principles . The Company’s executives (the “Senior Leadership Team”), including the President and Chief Executive Officer, are responsible for developing and executing the Company’s human capital strategy. This includes the attraction, acquisition, development, and engagement of talent to deliver on the Company’s strategy and the design of employee compensation and benefits programs. The Senior Leadership Team is also responsible for developing and integrating the Company’s diversity and inclusion roadmap. In addition, regular updates are provided to the Company’s Board of Directors and its committees on the operation and status of human capital trends and activities. Key areas of focus for the Company include: • Employee Engagement – We define engagement as a deep connection and sense of purpose at work that creates extra energy and commitment. Our goal is to engineer a winning culture that is designed to execute the Company’s strategic plan. Over the long-term, we seek better outcomes from having a highly engaged and values-aligned workforce, including higher retention, higher productivity, better customer satisfaction, better quality, and better safety. We provide all employees with the opportunity to share their opinions and feedback on our culture through a voluntary annual employee engagement assessment where all employees are encouraged to participate. Results are measured and analyzed to enhance the employee experience, promote employee retention, drive positive change, and leverage the overall success of our organization. ▪ Talent Development – One of our Company values is Always Learn . We put that into practice by offering our own welding and skills training courses, self-directed learning modules and an executive leadership development program at no cost to employees. Additionally, we host a wide variety of learning and development opportunities through our custom-tailored Learning Management System — Wabash U. Our employees have access through an online portal to thousands of self-directed and instructor-led courses on a variety of professional development topics. As of 2025, Wabash U offers employees access to over 100 hours of Wabash Management System (WMS) courses tailored specifically to Wabash. This includes more than 60 courses, with plans to continue to expand the offerings further in the coming year. Targeted learning and development opportunities are also created through external partnerships, including special development programs for front line leaders (with over 500 trained since the program began in 2022) as well as focused development across a variety of topics. Our senior executive leaders participate in team coaching and facilitated activities around topics including team cohesion and collaboration, conflict management, advanced team dynamics, and empowerment; further augmenting their general leadership skills. Additionally, select executives are provided with opportunities for 3 to 12+ months of one-on-one coaching engagements with certified executive coaches. We completed over 15 such engagements in the calendar year 2025. These are meant to further expand each leader’s capacity and capability, with some accompanied by 360-degree development assessments leading to robust development activities. Full-time Wabash employees can pursue various courses, undergraduate and graduate degree programs, or relevant certifications at an accredited college or university without added financial burden by using our Accelerator tuition reimbursement program. We provide all employees with a wide range of professional development experiences, both formal and informal, at all stages in their careers. In addition, Wabash employees and dependents of employees are eligible for a variety of scholarships offered by Wabash and the industry associations to which we belong. We support the youth in our communities through program funding, training programs, internships, co-ops, and our emerging leadership development programs. ▪ Focus on Safety – At Wabash, safety is a core value with safety of our employees, our customers, and our communities coming first and foremost. We demonstrate our commitment to safety by investing in innovations that help protect people who operate our equipment. In addition, we partner with other manufacturers in the industry to further promote safety by sharing best practices and ideas for implementing higher standards. 9 Table of Contents We continually focus on reducing the frequency and severity of workplace injuries and improving the workplace environment for our employees. We provide ongoing safety training and development at our production facilities, which are designed to educate and empower our employees with the knowledge and tools necessary to make safe choices and mitigate risks. Our employees are encouraged and expected to identify safety opportunities and report near-misses through our safety good catch program. The Company utilizes a mixture of leading and lagging indicators to assess the health and safety performance of its operations. We measure OSHA Total Recordable Incident Rate (“TRIR”), which in 2025, was 4.2. We also measure our Blueprint for Excellence, which assesses a facility’s overall safety program and identifies key areas of improvement. The “Blueprint” is one of our leading indicators that helps our plants proactively measure their safety culture. Wabash utilizes a software platform (Ideagen) to strategically mitigate safety risks by understanding historical data and driving business decisions based on actionable insights and advanced analytics. Our safety awards include: ◦ 2024 Truck Trailer Manufacturers Association Plant Safety Awards (Fond Du Lac, WI, and San José Iturbide, Guanajuato, Mexico) ◦ 2023 Truck Trailer Manufacturers Association Plant Safety Awards (Cadiz, Kentucky, and San José Iturbide, Guanajuato, Mexico) ◦ 2022 Truck Trailer Manufacturers Association Plant Safety Awards (Fond du Lac, WI, and New Lisbon, WI) ◦ 2021 Truck Trailer Manufacturers Association Plant Safety Awards (Little Falls, MN, and San José Iturbide, Guanajuato, Mexico) ◦ 2020 Truck Trailer Manufacturers Association Plant Safety Awards (Fond du Lac, WI, and San José Iturbide, Guanajuato, Mexico) ◦ 2019 Truck Trailer Manufacturers Association Plant Safety Award (New Lisbon, WI) ◦ 2018 Truck Trailer Manufacturers Association Plant Safety Award (San José Iturbide, Guanajuato, Mexico) ◦ 2017 Kentucky Governor’s Safety and Health Award (Cadiz, KY) ▪ Health and Wellness – The health, safety and wellbeing of our employees are vital to Wabash’s success and long-term performance. We provide a broad range of innovative, flexible and accessible health and wellbeing programs designed to support employees across physical, mental, emotional, financial and social dimensions of wellbeing. Our approach emphasizes prevention, education and effective navigation of the healthcare system, recognizing the increasing complexity of care delivery and its impact on workforce engagement, productivity and cost sustainability. Our wellbeing programs are designed to support employees throughout their healthcare and life journeys – before, during and after care is needed. These programs provide tools, resources and advocacy intended to encourage informed decision-making, promote wellbeing-focused behaviors and reduce barriers to care. We regularly review program utilization, outcomes, cost trends and employee feedback to ensure our offerings remain responsive to employee needs, regulatory requirements and evolving healthcare and workforce dynamics. ▪ Diversity and Inclusion – Wabash is committed to having a workforce that is diverse and embraces inclusion at all levels, reflecting the diversity of our customers and the varied environments in which we conduct business around the globe. Recognizing, valuing, and fully leveraging our different perspectives and backgrounds to achieve our business goals demonstrates our inclusive culture and is part of our Leadership Principles (“Embrace Diversity and Inclusion”). We need inclusion and diversity to achieve our targeted business results and fulfill our vision of being a premier provider of diverse solutions that optimize customers’ end-to-end supply chains across transportation, logistics and infrastructure markets. Openness to diversity widens our access to the best talent, and inclusion allows us to engage that talent fully. In addition, we place special focus on preventing pay imbalances among genders, including proactive adjustments to pay, titles, and/or benefits to prevent gender pay gaps. In 2025, 53% of our total hourly hires were women and/or minorities, and 44% of total salaried hires in 2025 were women and/or minorities. ▪ Compensation and Benefits – At Wabash, we are redefining total compensation and benefits into a holistic compensation, benefits and wellbeing offering with a forward-thinking approach that sets us apart. We do not simply aim for market competitiveness – we lead with innovation, ensuring our employees are rewarded not only fairly but in ways that inspire growth and performance. 10 Table of Contents Our commitment to excellence and future-focused solutions drives everything we do, creating a workplace where our employees thrive and accomplishments are shared. Our holistic compensation philosophy is designed to: ◦ Attract and retain talent by offering competitive pay to attract skilled employees essential for our growth; ◦ Reward performance by recognizing and incentivizing contributions that drive the Company’s success with transparency to each piece of an employee’s compensation; and ◦ Align outcomes by linking compensation to our values and leadership principles alongside Company and individual performance to foster shared achievements. In addition to base pay, our compensation and benefits programs include annual incentive bonuses, stock-based compensation awards, a 401(k) plan and non-qualified deferred compensation plan with employee matching opportunities, expansive healthcare and insurance benefits, health savings and flexible spending accounts, paid time off, paid family leave, family care resources, safety footwear and prescription safety eyewear programs, an employee assistance program and tuition assistance, among other offerings. Wabash compensates employees in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations. We regularly review and adjust compensation and benefits programs as economic, financial and workforce conditions permit to support competitiveness, performance alignment and long-term sustainability. ▪ Community Involvement – Wabash's Community Impact program combines volunteer work with financial support to make a meaningful, long-lasting impact in our communities. We actively partner with nonprofit organizations on projects to donate time, materials and financial resources to support our communities where we live and work. We believe that enriching the lives of those around us is a powerful investment in our future. The Wabash community impact initiatives target support to programs under three key pillars: youth advocacy, veteran and military family and food insecurity. In 2025, Wabash elevated its commitment to strengthening communities nationwide through a powerful combination of volunteerism, in‑kind support and strategic financial investment. This year marked a transformational leap forward with the launch of the Wabash Community Connect (“WCC”) Portal, a digital platform designed to inspire belonging, purpose and employee‑driven impact. In just a few months, hundreds of employees used the WCC to engage directly with nonprofits, fueling an extraordinary $468,397 in charitable support and driving meaningful change across our core pillars. Nearly 100 nonprofit organizations benefited from these efforts, chosen intentionally by Wabash teams to reflect the causes that matter most in their communities. Wabash employees dedicated an impressive 6,305 volunteer hours in 2025, serving food banks, youth programs, veteran services, environmental initiatives, animal shelters and more. More than 50 volunteer events brought employees together while 100% senior leadership participation in Day of Giving set the tone for a culture of service. We are creating remarkable teams, strengthening our culture and driving meaningful, lasting change in the communities we serve. Wabash is committed to continuing its mission to positively impact the world, and we will continue to drive initiatives to give back and deliver purposeful improvements in our communities. Our annual Corporate Responsibility Report is available on our website (ir.onewabash.com) and references the ongoing environmental, social, and governance (ESG) initiatives that demonstrate our commitment to sustainability and social responsibility. The content on any website referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K unless expressly noted. Competitive Strengths We believe our core competitive strengths include, but are not limited to: ▪ Long-Term Core Customer Relationships – We are the leading provider of trailers to a significant number of top tier trucking companies, generating a revenue base that has helped to sustain us as one of the market leaders. Our van products are preferred by many of the industry’s leading carriers. We are also a leading provider of liquid-transportation systems and engineered products and we have a strong customer base, consisting of mostly private fleets, and have earned a leading market position across many of the markets we serve. In addition, we are a leading manufacturer of truck bodies, and we have a strong customer base of large national fleet leasing companies and large retailers. Our competitive strength related to long-term core customer relationships is evidenced by our multi-year order agreement with J.B. Hunt Transport Inc., which we announced in January 2023. 11 Table of Contents ▪ Technology and Innovation – We continue to be recognized by the trucking industry as a leader in developing technology to provide value-added solutions for our customers that reduce trailer operating costs, improve revenue opportunities, and solve unique transportation problems. Throughout our history, we have been and we expect to continue to be a leading innovator in the design and production of transportation products. We have commercialized and launched DuraPlate ® Cell Core, a modified DuraPlate ® panel that reduces the weight of a conventional 53-foot DuraPlate ® trailer by 300 pounds without compromising strength or durability. Within our broader innovation portfolio, we have developed advanced thermal and lightweighting technologies, including EcoNex™ Technology, which is designed to improve thermal efficiency and reduce material weight in refrigerated applications. EcoNex™ Technology supports lower lifetime operating costs and more efficient use of resources. These technology advancements reflect our continued focus on engineering solutions that help customers operate more efficiently, sustainably, and competitively across the transportation and logistics ecosystem. Since December 2021 we have partnered with Purdue University to accelerate the Company’s speed to market with proprietary, innovative products. The partnership connects Wabash to Purdue’s Office of Industry Partnerships, allowing us to leverage Purdue University’s resources to deliver new and improved sustainability-focused solutions to the transportation, logistics, and distribution industries. For example, in 2024 we announced a research and development project to investigate an experimental trailer that recaptures its own electricity from vibrations, heat and airflow. In addition, Wabash was selected to receive a $1.6 million grant award from the U.S. Department of Energy Solar Energy Technologies Office (SETO) to support a research and development project aimed at decarbonizing the commercial transportation industry. The three-year project, in partnership with the University of Delaware’s Center for Composite Materials, focuses on integrating high-efficiency solar energy into refrigerated trailers and truck bodies. This innovation will play a pivotal role in making zero-emission mid-mile transportation a commercially viable option. ▪ Significant Brand Recognition – In January 2022, Wabash National Corporation and its portfolio of brands rebranded as Wabash ® and began a significant shift in the Company’s go-to-market brand strategy. This rebranding provides the foundation to build upon our history of being one of the most widely recognized brands in the industry, recognized for quality, performance, and innovation leadership. It also positions us to increase the ease of doing business for customers and solve critical customer needs with innovative solutions across products from the first to final mile. In addition, we were named to the America’s Best Midsize Companies list by TIME magazine in 2025. ▪ Wabash Management System (WMS) – WMS empowers Wabash to drive breakthrough change using an aligned approach to build standards, knowledge and capability. WMS prioritizes our strategic objectives and transforms the organization through sustainable execution, creating genuine value for all. WMS puts our culture into action through a Lean mindset and respect for all, inspiring every employee to actively contribute to our enterprise transformation. The Wabash Management System is our comprehensive approach to improving how employees work every day. Safety, quality, delivery, cost, morale, and environment are the core elements of our program of continuous improvement. We currently maintain an ISO 14001 registration of the Environmental Management System at four facilities, which include our Lafayette, Indiana; Cadiz, Kentucky; San José Iturbide, Mexico; and Harrison, Arkansas locations. In addition, we have achieved ISO 9001 registration of the Quality Management Systems at our Lafayette, Indiana and Cadiz, Kentucky facilities. ▪ Corporate Culture – As further described above in the “Human Capital Resources and Management” section, we believe strong human capital acts as a competitive differentiator and our focus is not only on ensuring we have the right leaders in place to drive our strategic initiatives today, but also to nurture our talent pipeline to develop strong leaders for our company’s future. To that end, we benefit from an experienced, value-driven management team and dedicated workforce. We strive to achieve alignment at every layer and throughout all functional areas of our business and are focused on ensuring the right systems are in place to facilitate all team members working toward the same shared goals. Critical to this is the One Wabash mindset that our business is constructed of three interlinked segments that benefit from one another and are stronger as a result of being part of Wabash. 12 Table of Contents ▪ Extensive Distribution Network – We utilize a network of 18 independent dealers with approximately 55 locations throughout North America to distribute our van trailers. Our platform trailer distribution network consists of 32 independent dealers with approximately 70 locations throughout North America. Our tank trailers are distributed through a network of 5 independent dealers with 14 locations throughout North America, along with additional arrangements to provide supplemental coverage as needed. Additionally, our truck body commercial network consists of more than 1,100 partners. Our commercial network primarily serves mid-market and smaller sized carriers and private fleets in the geographic region where the partner is located and occasionally may sell to large fleets. In addition to our independent dealer network, we bolster our aftermarket support through a preferred partner network that provides equipment service, maintenance and access to Wabash Genuine Parts. This network includes more than 45 independent parts and service locations throughout North America, ensuring comprehensive coverage and reliable support for our customers’ ongoing needs. Regulation Truck trailer length, height, width, maximum weight capacity and other specifications are regulated by individual states. The federal government also regulates certain safety and environmental sustainability features incorporated in the design and use of truck and tank trailers, as well as truck bodies. These regulations include: requirements to install Electronic Logging Devices, the use of aerodynamic devices and fuel saving technologies, as well as operator restrictions as to hours of service and minimum driver safety standards (see “Industry Trends” included within Part II, Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more details on these regulations). In addition, most tank trailers we manufacture have specific federal regulations and restrictions that dictate tank design, material type and thickness. Manufacturing operations are subject to environmental laws enforced by federal, state and local agencies (see “Environmental Matters”). Products Since our inception, we have worked to expand our product offerings from a single tractor trailer dry van product to a broad range of connected solutions for the transportation, logistics, and distribution industries to help our customers move everything from first to final mile. We manage a diverse product portfolio, maintain long-standing customer relationships, and focus on innovative and breakthrough technologies within two operating segments. Our current Transportation Solutions segment primarily includes the following products: • Van, Platform, and Tank Trailers ◦ Dry Van Trailers. The dry van market represents our largest product line and includes trailers sold under the DuraPlate ® and DuraPlate HD ® trademarks. Our DuraPlate ® trailers utilize a proprietary technology that consists of a composite sandwich panel wall for increased durability and greater strength. In addition, we have introduced DuraPlate ® Cell Core, a modified DuraPlate ® panel that reduces the weight of a conventional 53-foot DuraPlate ® trailer by 300 pounds. ◦ Platform Trailers. Platform trailers consist of a trailer chassis with a flat or “drop” loading deck without permanent sides or a roof. These trailers are primarily utilized to haul steel coils, construction materials, and large equipment. In addition to our all steel and combination steel and aluminum platform trailers, we also offer a premium all-aluminum platform trailer. ◦ Refrigerated Trailers. Our refrigerated trailers provide thermal efficiency and maximum payload capacity. Our refrigerated trailers are sold under the ArcticLite ® trademark and built by a third party contract manufacturer. ◦ Tank Trailers. Our tank trailer offerings include several products dedicated to transportation solutions. Our product offerings in this component of the TS segment include stainless steel and aluminum tank trailers for the dairy, food and beverage, oil, and gas markets, as well as stainless steel and fiberglass reinforced poly tank trailers for chemical end markets. ▪ Truck Bodies and Related Products ◦ Wabash ® Dry Freight Truck Bodies. These truck bodies range from 12 to 30 feet in length with exterior walls assembled from one of several material options, including our premium DuraPlate ® panels and pre-painted aluminum sheet and post. Additional features include industry-leading durable one-piece front header design, LED marker lights, sealed wiring harnesses, hardwood flooring, and various door configurations to accommodate end-user loading and unloading requirements. This product is adaptable for a diverse range of uses in dry-freight transportation. 13 Table of Contents ◦ Cargo and Cargo XL Bodies. An ideal route truck for a variety of commercial applications, these van bodies are manufactured on cutaway chassis which allow access from the cab to the cargo area. This newly designed product line utilizes our DuraPlate ® panel wall construction as the foundation for a superior light duty delivery vehicle for the growing final mile segment of the truck body market we serve. ◦ Insulated Acutherm TM Refrigerated Truck Bodies. These insulated van bodies, in lengths from 12 to 28 feet, provide versatility and dependability for temperature-controlled applications. Flexible for either hand-load or pallet-load requirements, they are ideal for multi-stop distribution of both fresh and frozen products. ◦ Platform Truck Bodies. Our platform truck bodies offer various configurations with steel front bulkheads and removable stake racks on the sides and rear. The platform truck body is utilized for a broad range of manufacturing and construction industries’ transportation needs. ▪ Other Transportation Solutions Components ◦ Used Trailers. These products include the sale of used trailers through our used fleet sales center to facilitate additional new trailer sales with a focus on selling both large and small fleet trade packages to the wholesale market. ◦ Wood Products. We manufacture laminated hardwood oak flooring used primarily in our dry van trailer products at our manufacturing operations located in Harrison, Arkansas. Our current Parts & Services segment primarily includes the following products: ▪ Upfit, Parts, and Services Offerings ◦ Aftermarket Parts and Services. Aftermarket component products are manufactured to provide continued support to our customers throughout the lifecycle of the trailer. Utilizing our on-site service centers, we provide a wide array of quality aftermarket parts and services to our customers. In addition, we provide parts and maintenance and repair services for tank trailers and other related equipment through our five tank service centers. ◦ Truck Body Upfitting, Parts, and Services. Through our eight truck body upfitting locations across the U.S., we provide solutions that customize our products and ensure they meet customers’ needs. Offerings include steel flatbed bodies, truck body mounting, shelving for package delivery, partitions, roof racks, hitches, thermal solutions, liftgates, and more. We also offer direct-line access to truck body repair parts (generally for all manufacturers) and provide other services such as door repair and replacement, collision repair (generally for all manufacturers), and basic maintenance. • Linq Venture Holdings, LLC ◦ Linq Venture Holdings LLC. The Company continued to unify and expand its parts and services capabilities and ecosystem through its newly-acquired interest in Linq Venture Holdings LLC, (“Linq”) to develop and scale a digital marketplace in and for the transportation and logistics distribution industry. Linq is intended to be the digital channel to market Wabash equipment and parts & services, as well as non-Wabash parts & services, in a digital marketplace format to end customers as well as dealers. ▪ Wabash Parts LLC ◦ Wabash Parts LLC. As further described in Note 7 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, during the second quarter of 2022, we unified and expanded our parts and distribution capabilities by executing an agreement with a partner to create a new legal entity (Wabash Parts LLC) to operate a parts and services distribution platform. The single channel distribution network will, over time, include the entire Wabash aftermarket portfolio and a wide range of transportation parts with increased inventory and faster shipping. In addition, the network utilizes Wabash’s extensive network of equipment dealers’ service capabilities, as well as the infrastructure of industry-leading partners of national wholesale distribution for aftermarket heavy-duty truck and trailers parts, using multiple distribution centers across the United States. ▪ Process Systems ◦ Process Systems. Product offerings include stainless steel storage tanks and silos, mixers, and processors for the dairy, food and beverage, pharmaceutical, chemical, craft brewing, and biotech end markets. 14 Table of Contents ▪ Other Parts & Services Product Offerings ◦ Trailers as a Service (TaaS) SM . Our TaaS initiative is a transformative category in logistics that provides flexible, on-demand access to trailer capacity through subscription-based programs. Powered by TrailerHawk.AI technology, TaaS eliminates capital expenses while delivering premium equipment, comprehensive maintenance, and advanced cargo and asset assurance. TrailerHawk is the industry’s first unified cargo security and trailer assurance platform, combining patent-pending smart locks, real-time monitoring, and digital chain of custody technology to prevent strategic theft and protect freight from origin to destination. ◦ Composites . Our Composites products focus on the use of DuraPlate ® composite panels and EcoNex TM Technology beyond the semi-trailer market. Product offerings include truck bodies, overhead doors, and other industrial applications. We continue to develop new products and actively explore markets that can benefit from the proven performance of our proprietary technology. We offer a number of aerodynamic solutions designed to improve overall trailer aerodynamics and fuel economy, most notably the DuraPlate ® AeroSkirt ® , which is EPA Smartway ® verified and California Air Resource Board compliant. ◦ Used Trailers . These products include the sale of used trailers that do not occur through our used fleet sales center. Customers Our customer base has historically included many of the nation’s largest truckload common carriers, leasing companies, private fleet carriers, less-than-truckload common carriers, and package carriers. We continue to expand our customer base and achieve diversification through acquisitions, organic growth, product innovation, and our extensive distribution and service network. All of these efforts have been accomplished while maintaining our relationships with our core customers. Our five largest customers together accounted for approximately 35%, 42%, and 32% of our aggregate net sales in 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. No individual customer accounted for more than 10% of our aggregate net sales in 2025. Our largest customer, included as part of the Transportation Solutions segment, accounted for 15% and 12% of our aggregate net sales in 2024 and 2023, respectively. International sales accounted for less than 10% of net sales for each of the last three years. We have established relationships as a supplier to many large customers in the transportation industry for our dry and refrigerated van products, platform trailers, and tank trailers, including the following: ▪ Truckload Carriers: Crete Carrier Corp.; J.B. Hunt Transport, Inc.; Werner Enterprises, Inc.; Southland Transportation Company; and Knight/Swift Transportation Holdings, Inc.; and Schneider National, Inc. ▪ Less-Than-Truckload Carriers: Saia, Inc.; FedEx Freight, Inc; Old Dominion Freight Lines, Inc.; and R&L Carriers, Inc. ▪ Leasing Companies: Fleetco, Inc.; Penske Truck Leasing Co., L.P.; Ryder System, Inc.; XTRA, LLC; Brody Transportation Company, Inc.; and Premier Trailer Leasing. ▪ Private Fleets: Dollar General Corporation; and PepsiCo, Inc. ▪ Liquid Carriers: Semo Tank/Baker Equipment Co.; Dana Liquid Transport Corporation; Stuart Tank Sales Corporation; The Jack Olsta Co.; and Hills Stainless Tank Inc. In addition, we sell our truck bodies to fleet leasing customers and direct customers including, but not limited to: Ryder System, Inc., Penske Truck Leasing Co., L.P., Budget Truck Rental, LLC, and Enterprise Holdings, Inc. Notable end users of our truck body products include, but are not limited to: Southern Glazer’s Wine and Spirits, LLC, The Kroger Co., Home Express Delivery, LLC., U.S. Autoforce, and Costco Wholesale Corporation. Through our engineered products component of the Parts & Services segment, we sell our products to customers including, but not limited to, Penske Truck Leasing Co., L.P., Transglobal, and Whiting Door Manufacturing, Corp. Marketing and Distribution We market and distribute our products through two primary channels: ▪ Factory direct accounts; and ▪ Independent dealerships. Factory direct accounts are generally large fleets that are high volume purchasers. Historically, we have focused on the factory direct market in which customers are highly knowledgeable of the lifecycle costs of equipment and, therefore, are best equipped to appreciate the innovative design and value-added features of our products, as well as the value proposition for lower total cost of ownership over the lifecycle of our products. 15 Table of Contents We also sell our van, platform, and tank trailers through a network of independent dealers. Additionally, our truck body products are sold through commercial dealers. Our dealers primarily serve mid-market and smaller sized carriers and private fleets in the geographic region where the dealer is located and occasionally may sell to large fleets. The dealers may also perform service and warranty work for our customers. Raw Materials We utilize a variety of raw materials and components in our manufacturing processes including, but not limited to, specialty steel coil, stainless steel, plastic, aluminum, lumber, tires, landing gear, axles and suspensions. We purchase these items from a limited number of suppliers. While we manage some of our commodity price changes by entering into fixed price contracts with our suppliers and through financial derivatives, raw material costs as a percentage of net sales for 2025 increased slightly compared to 2024. Significant price fluctuations or shortages in raw materials or finished components have had, and could have in the future, adverse effects on our results of operations. In 2026 and for the foreseeable future, we expect that the raw materials used in the greatest quantity will be steel, aluminum, plastic, and wood. We will continue to endeavor to pass along cost increases for raw material and components to our customers. While price increases implemented to offset inflation or supply disruptions have generally been successful, they are occasionally subject to delays. Increases in prices for these purposes represent a risk in execution. In an effort to minimize the effect of price fluctuations, we hedge certain commodities that have the potential to significantly impact our results of operations. Backlog Orders that have been confirmed by customers in writing and have defined delivery timeframes are included in our backlog. Orders that comprise our backlog may be subject to changes in quantities, delivery, specifications, terms, or cancellation. The following table presents backlog information as of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 (in millions): December 31, 2025 2024 Change 12-month backlog $ 576 $ 813 (29)% Total backlog $ 705 $ 1,169 (40)% The decrease in rolling 12-month backlog and total backlog from December 31, 2024 is primarily due to a challenging market environment as fleet customers remain cautious. Despite this, the underlying conditions for a strong trailer demand response is growing once the freight market recovery threshold is met and customers look to recapture profitability. Refer to the “Outlook” section below for additional details related to industry and market conditions. Patents and Intellectual Property We hold or have applied for 142 patents in the U.S. on various components and techniques utilized in our manufacture of transportation equipment and engineered products. In addition, we hold or have applied for 151 patents or registered designs in foreign countries. Our patents include intellectual property related to the manufacture of trailers, containers, truck bodies, platform trailers, tanks, and other engineered products as well as digital systems and methods for monitoring and securing trailers and trailer components—all of which we believe offer us a significant competitive advantage in the markets in which we compete. Our DuraPlate ® patent portfolio includes several patents, which cover not only utilization of our DuraPlate ® products in the manufacture of trailers, but also cover a number of aerodynamic-related products aimed at increasing the fuel efficiency of trailers, including DuraPlate AeroSkirt ® . U.S. and foreign patents and patent applications in our DuraPlate ® patent portfolio have expiration dates extending until 2036. Certain U.S. patents relating to the combined use of DuraPlate ® panels and logistics systems within the sidewalls of our dry van trailers will not expire until 2027 or after; several other issued U.S. patents and pending patent applications relating to the use of DuraPlate ® panels, or other composite materials, within aerodynamic-related products will not begin to expire until after 2030. Additionally, we also believe that our proprietary DuraPlate ® and DuraPlate ® Cell Core production processes, which have been developed and refined since 1995, offer us a significant competitive advantage in the industry—above and beyond the benefits provided by any patent protection concerning the use and/or design of our DuraPlate ® products. While we continue to invest in the development of new composite panel technologies, we believe the proprietary knowledge of our DuraPlate panel manufacturing processes and the significant intellectual and capital hurdles in creating similar production processes provide us with an advantage over others in the industry who utilize composite sandwich panel technology. Additionally, our intellectual property portfolio includes patents related to the rear impact guard (“RIG”). The RIG patents include RIG designs which surpass the federal regulatory RIG standards for the U.S. and Canada and will not begin to expire until 2035. 16 Table of Contents Wabash acquired assets of TrailerHawk ai LLC in 2025 including several patent applications for cargo security devices and software platforms. Wabash has continued to invest in and develop the underlying technology in order to provide an integrated solution which pairs a digitally connected cargo door and intelligent locking system with a technology platform to link physical access control with real-time visibility and actionable assurance events to help prevent cargo theft. We believe this proprietary technology provides a novel solution for customers and fleets to the growing challenges of cargo theft across the U.S. supply chain. In addition, our intellectual property portfolio includes patents and patent applications covering many trailer industry components. These products have become highly desirable and are recognized for their innovation in the markets we serve. These patents include, for example, those covering the Trust Lock Plus ® door locking mechanism, the Max Clearance ® Overhead Door System, which provides additional overhead clearance when an overhead-style rear door is in the opened position that would be comparable to that of swing-door models, the use of bonded or riveted intermediate logistics strips, the bonded D-ring hold-down device, bonded skylights, and the DuraPlate ® arched roof. The patents covering these products will not expire before 2029. We believe all of these proprietary products offer us a competitive market advantage in the industries in which we compete. We also hold or have applied for 54 trademarks in the U.S. as well as 76 trademarks in foreign countries. These trademarks include the Wabash® brand as well as trademarks associated with our proprietary technologies and products such as DuraPlate ® , MaxClearance ® Overhead Door System, Trust Lock Plus®, EZ-7®, DuraPlate Aeroskirt ® , DuraPlate HD ® , Lock-Rite ® , and EZ-Adjust ® . Additional trademark and service mark applications covering our proprietary technologies include Acutherm TM covering an intelligent thermal management system of components, products, and solutions, our Trailers as a Service (TaaS)™ platform for providing customers with trailer pool services, and our Everline™ brand of Wabash parts. Trademark applications for TrailerHawk.ai TM , CargoHawk.ai TM , Hawkeye TM , Hawkeye Vision TM , and Hawkeye.ai TM cover our proprietary digitally connected cargo door and software platform technologies. We believe all of these trademarks are important for the identification of our products and the associated customer goodwill; however, our business is not materially dependent on such trademarks. Environmental Matters Our facilities are subject to various environmental laws and regulations, including those relating to air emissions, climate change, wastewater discharges, the handling and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes and occupational safety and health. Our operations and facilities have been, and in the future may become, the subject of enforcement actions or proceedings for non-compliance with such laws or for remediation of company-related releases of substances into the environment. Resolution of such matters with regulators can result in commitments to compliance abatement or remediation programs and, in some cases, the payment of penalties (see “Legal Proceedings” in Part I, Item 3 for more details). We believe that our facilities are in substantial compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations. Our facilities have incurred, and will continue to incur, capital and operating expenditures and other costs in complying with these laws and regulations. However, we currently do not anticipate that the future costs of environmental compliance will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations. Website Access to Company Reports We use our Investor Relations website, ir.onewabash.com, as a channel for routine distribution of important information, including news releases, investor presentations, and financial information. We post filings as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the Securities Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including our annual, quarterly, and current reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K, our proxy statements on Schedule 14A, and any amendments to those reports or statements. The SEC also maintains a website, www.sec.gov, that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The content on any website referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K unless expressly noted. 17 Table of Contents Information About Our Executive Officers The following are the executive officers of the Company: Name Age Position Brent L. Yeagy 55 President and Chief Executive Officer, Director on the Board of Directors M. Kristin Glazner 48 Senior Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, Corporate Secretary Patrick Keslin 45 Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Michael N. Pettit 50 Senior Vice President, Chief Growth Officer Drew Schwartzhoff 48 Senior Vice President, Chief Commercial Officer Donald Winston 48 Senior Vice President, Chief Operating Officer Brent L. Yeagy. Since June 2018, Mr. Yeagy has been responsible for the strategic direction and operations of Wabash in his role as President and Chief Executive Officer. Before his appointment as President and CEO, Mr. Yeagy was President and Chief Operating Officer from October 2016 to June 2018. Mr. Yeagy joined Wabash in 2003 and held a number of positions with increasing responsibility, including Vice President of Manufacturing, Vice President and General Manager of Commercial Trailer Products, and Senior Vice President – Group President, Commercial Trailer Products. Prior to Wabash, from 1999 to 2003, Mr. Yeagy held various positions within human resources, environmental engineering and safety management for Delco Remy International. Mr. Yeagy served in various plant engineering roles at Rexnord Corporation from December 1995 through 1999. He also served in the United States Navy from 1991 to 1994. Mr. Yeagy holds a Bachelor of Science in Environmental Engineering Science and a Master of Science in Safety Engineering from Purdue University, and an MBA in Business Management from Anderson University. He has also attended executive programs at the University of Michigan’s Ross School of Business as well as Stanford’s Graduate School of Business. Mr. Yeagy is a graduate of the U.S. Navy’s Naval Nuclear Power Program and participated in the Navy’s Officer Candidate Program. M. Kristin Glazner . Kristin Glazner was appointed Senior Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer on December 8, 2023, in an expanded role leading administrative operations within Wabash, including leading Wabash Management System. She continues to serve as General Counsel and Chief Human Resources Officer, holding both roles since June 1, 2020. Ms. Glazner joined Wabash in February 2010 as Corporate Counsel and served in that role until October 2017, when she was appointed to the position of Vice President – Human Resources and Legal Administration, then Vice President – Corporate Human Resources. She was named Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer in November 2018. Before joining Wabash, Ms. Glazner was an attorney with the law firm Baker & Daniels LLP (now Faegre Drinker Biddle & Reath LLP) from 2002 to 2010. She holds a Juris Doctor degree from Indiana University Maurer School of Law and a Bachelor of Arts degree from Butler University. Patrick Keslin. Mr. Keslin was appointed to Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer on September 1, 2024, having previously served as Vice President, Finance since 2022. He joined Wabash in 2017 and has served in a number of positions with increasing responsibility, including Senior Director of Business Finance, Senior Director of Finance – Commercial Trailer Products and Director of Finance – Diversified Products Group. Prior to Wabash, from 2001 to 2017, Mr. Keslin held various finance positions at Honeywell, including Director of Finance at Honeywell UOP in Des Plaines, Illinois. With more than 22 years of experience in finance at Fortune 500 and Fortune 1000 manufacturing companies, he has a broad understanding of strategic planning, financial modeling, pricing strategy, production planning and lean manufacturing processes and principles. Mr. Keslin holds an MBA with concentrations in Finance, Accounting, Economics and Econometrics from The University of Chicago Booth School of Business and a Bachelor of Science in Business Finance from Indiana University – Kelley School of Business with a Minor in Mathematics. He also attended The Executive Program for Prospective CFOs at Chicago Booth in November 2023. Michael N. Pettit . Mr. Pettit was appointed to Senior Vice President, Chief Growth Officer on September 1, 2024. In this role, Mr. Pettit focuses on driving the company’s growth initiatives, expanding market reach, and overseeing the company’s Parts and Services segment with a focus on the integration of physical and digital technologies. Before this appointment, Mr. Pettit served as Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer since January 2020. His prior roles at Wabash include Senior Vice President and Group President, Final Mile Products (2018–2020), and Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations (2014–2018). He joined Wabash in 2012 as Director of Finance for Commercial Trailer Products. Before joining Wabash, he spent 14 years at Ford Motor Company, where he held various finance positions with increasing responsibility. With over 25 years of experience in the transportation industry, Mr. Pettit has a broad understanding of strategic planning, mergers and acquisitions, pricing strategy, production planning, and lean manufacturing processes and principles. He holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Industrial Management from Purdue University and an MBA from Indiana University. He has also completed executive development programs at prestigious institutions, including Harvard University, Stanford University, University of Chicago Booth School of Business and Northwestern University. 18 Table of Contents Drew Schwartzhoff . Drew Schwartzhoff was appointed Senior Vice President, Chief Commercial Officer on January 15, 2025, after serving as Senior Vice President, Strategic Marketing since September 2024. He is responsible for overseeing the company’s sales, customer experience, product management, marketing and communications strategies. With over 25 years of experience in marketing and business leadership, he brings a wealth of expertise in driving customer-centric strategies and delivering innovative solutions across a range of industries. Mr. Schwartzhoff joined the company as Vice President, Marketing in 2023. Before Wabash, he held senior marketing positions at C.H. Robinson, a global logistics provider, where he played a key role in enhancing the company’s customer experience and market presence. His extensive background spans both business-to-business and business-to-consumer marketing, with a strong focus on the logistics and supply chain sectors. He is recognized for his ability to integrate marketing and product strategies, ensuring that customer experience and market penetration are at the forefront of business growth. His strategic vision and leadership are integral to Wabash’s mission of delivering connected solutions that change how the world reaches you. Mr. Schwartzhoff holds a Bachelor of Business Administration degree in Marketing from St. Cloud State University. Donald Winston. Donald Winston was appointed Senior Vice President, Chief Operating Officer on January 15, 2025, after serving as Senior Vice President, Global Operations since September 2024. Mr. Winston leads the company’s core manufacturing teams and oversees global procurement, supply chain and operational excellence initiatives. With extensive leadership experience in manufacturing leadership and a strong track record in continuous improvement, he is focused on driving operational efficiencies, safety and quality across the company’s North American manufacturing sites. Before joining Wabash in January 2024, Mr. Winston served as Vice President, Operations at Novolex. With over 23 years of manufacturing leadership experience, he has developed a deep expertise in building operational excellence capabilities and transitioning organizations to more mature, process-oriented operational environments. His career includes key roles at Closure Systems International (2020–2023 and 2007–2014), Ardagh Group (2015–2020) and Ford Motor Company (2001–2007). Mr. Winston holds a Master of Science degree in Industrial Engineering Technology and a Bachelor of Science degree in Organizational Leadership and Supervision from Purdue University. He has also completed Executive Leadership Training through Duke Corporate Education. 19 Table of Contents

--- VENDORS ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- MANUFACTURING ---
contract manufacturer. ◦ Tank Trailers. Our tank trailer offerings include several products dedicated to transportation solutions. Our product offerings in this component of the TS segment include stainless steel and aluminum tank trailers for the dairy, food and beverage, oil, and gas markets, as well as stainless steel and fiberglass reinforced poly tank trailers for chemical end markets. ▪ Truck Bodies and Related Products ◦ Wabash ® Dry Freight Truck Bodies. These truck bodies range from 12 to 30 feet in length with exterior walls assembled from one of several material options, including our premium DuraPlate ® panels and pre-painted aluminum sheet and post. Additional features include industry-leading durable one-piece front header design, LED marker lights, sealed wiring harnesses, hardwood flooring, and various door configurations to accommodate end-user loading and unloading requirements. This product is adaptable for a diverse range of uses in dry-freight transportation. 13 Table of Contents ◦ Cargo and Cargo XL Bodies. An ideal route truck for a variety of commercial applications, these van bodies are manufactured on cutaway chassis which allow access from the cab to the cargo area. This newly designed product line utilizes our DuraPlate ® panel wall construction as the foundation for a superior light duty delivery vehicle for the growing final mile segment of the truck body market we serve. ◦ Insulated Acutherm TM Refrigerated Truck Bodies. These insulated van bodies, in lengths from 12 to 28 feet, provide versatility and dependability for temperature-controlled applications. Flexible for either hand-load or pallet-load requirements, they are ideal for multi-stop distribution of both fresh and frozen products. ◦ Platform Truck Bodies. Our platform truck bodies offer various configurations with steel front bulkheads and removable stake racks on the sides and rear. The platform truck body is utilized for a broad range of manufacturing and construction industries’ transportation needs. ▪ Other Transportation Solutions Components ◦ Used Trailers. These products include the sale of used trailers through our used fleet sales center to facilitate additional new trailer sales with a focus on selling both large and small fleet trade packages to the wholesale market. ◦ Wood Products. We manufacture laminated hardwood oak flooring used primarily in our dry van trailer products at our manufacturing operations located in Harrison, Arkansas. Our current Parts & Services segment primarily includes the following products: ▪ Upfit, Parts, and Services Offerings ◦ Aftermarket Parts and Services. Aftermarket component products are manufactured to provide continued support to our customers throughout the lifecycle of the trailer. Utilizing our on-site service centers, we provide a wide array of quality aftermarket parts and services to our customers. In addition, we provide parts and maintenance and repair services for tank trailers and other related equipment through our five tank service centers. ◦ Truck Body Upfitting, Parts, and Services. Through our eight truck body upfitting locations across the U.S., we provide solutions that customize our products and ensure they meet customers’ needs. Offerings include steel flatbed bodies, truck body mounting, shelving for package delivery, partitions, roof racks, hitches, thermal solutions, liftgates, and more. We also offer direct-line access to truck body repair parts (generally for all manufacturers) and provide other services such as door repair and replacement, collision repair (generally for all manufacturers), and basic maintenance. • Linq Venture Holdings, LLC ◦ Linq Venture Holdings LLC. The Company continued to unify and expand its parts and services capabilities and ecosystem through its newly-acquired interest in Linq Venture Holdings LLC, (“Linq”) to develop and scale a digital marketplace in and for the transportation and logistics distribution industry. Linq is intended to be the digital channel to market Wabash equipment and parts & services, as well as non-Wabash parts & services, in a digital marketplace format to end customers as well as dealers. ▪ Wabash Parts LLC ◦ Wabash Parts LLC. As further described in Note 7 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, during the second quarter of 2022, we unified and expanded our parts and distribution capabilities by executing an agreement with a partner to create a new legal entity (Wabash Parts LLC) to operate a parts and services distribution platform. The single channel distribution network will, over time, include the entire Wabash aftermarket portfolio and a wide range of transportation parts with increased inventory and faster shipping. In addition, the network utilizes Wabash’s extensive network of equipment dealers’ service capabilities, as well as the infrastructure of industry-leading partners of national wholesale distribution for aftermarket heavy-duty truck and trailers parts, using multiple distribution centers across the United States. ▪ Process Systems ◦ Process Systems. Product offerings include stainless steel storage tanks and silos, mixers, and processors for the dairy, food and beverage, pharmaceutical, chemical, craft brewing, and biotech end markets. 14 Table of Contents ▪ Other Parts & Services Product Offerings ◦ Trailers as a Service (TaaS) SM . Our TaaS initiative is a transformative category in logistics that provides flexible, on-demand access to trailer capacity through subscription-based programs. Powered by TrailerHawk.AI technology, TaaS eliminates capital expenses while delivering premium equipment, comprehensive maintenance, and advanced cargo and asset assurance. TrailerHawk is the industry’s first unified cargo security and trailer assurance platform, combining patent-pending smart locks, real-time monitoring, and digital chain of custody technology to prevent strategic theft and protect freight from origin to destination. ◦ Composites . Our Composites products focus on the use of DuraPlate ® composite panels and EcoNex TM Technology beyond the semi-trailer market. Product offerings include truck bodies, overhead doors, and other industrial applications. We continue to develop new products and actively explore markets that can benefit from the proven performance of our proprietary technology. We offer a number of aerodynamic solutions designed to improve overall trailer aerodynamics and fuel economy, most notably the DuraPlate ® AeroSkirt ® , which is EPA Smartway ® verified and California Air Resource Board compliant. ◦ Used Trailers . These products include the sale of used trailers that do not occur through our used fleet sales center. Customers Our customer base has historically included many of the nation’s largest truckload common carriers, leasing companies, private fleet carriers, less-than-truckload common carriers, and package carriers. We continue to expand our customer base and achieve diversification through acquisitions, organic growth, product innovation, and our extensive distribution and service network. All of these efforts have been accomplished while maintaining our relationships with our core customers. Our five largest customers together accounted for approximately 35%, 42%, and 32% of our aggregate net sales in 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. No individual customer accounted for more than 10% of our aggregate net sales in 2025. Our largest customer, included as part of the Transportation Solutions segment, accounted for 15% and 12% of our aggregate net sales in 2024 and 2023, respectively. International sales accounted for less than 10% of net sales for each of the last three years. We have established relationships as a supplier to many large customers in the transportation industry for our dry and refrigerated van products, platform trailers, and tank trailers, including the following: ▪ Truckload Carriers: Crete Carrier Corp.; J.B. Hunt Transport, Inc.; Werner Enterprises, Inc.; Southland Transportation Company; and Knight/Swift Transportation Holdings, Inc.; and Schneider National, Inc. ▪ Less-Than-Truckload Carriers: Saia, Inc.; FedEx Freight, Inc; Old Dominion Freight Lines, Inc.; and R&L Carriers, Inc. ▪ Leasing Companies: Fleetco, Inc.; Penske Truck Leasing Co., L.P.; Ryder System, Inc.; XTRA, LLC; Brody Transportation Company, Inc.; and Premier Trailer Leasing. ▪ Private Fleets: Dollar General Corporation; and PepsiCo, Inc. ▪ Liquid Carriers: Semo Tank/Baker Equipment Co.; Dana Liquid Transport Corporation; Stuart Tank Sales Corporation; The Jack Olsta Co.; and Hills Stainless Tank Inc. In addition, we sell our truck bodies to fleet leasing customers and direct customers including, but not limited to: Ryder System, Inc., Penske Truck Leasing Co., L.P., Budget Truck Rental, LLC, and Enterprise Holdings, Inc. Notable end users of our truck body products include, but are not limited to: Southern Glazer’s Wine and Spirits, LLC, The Kroger Co., Home Express Delivery, LLC., U.S. Autoforce, and Costco Wholesale Corporation. Through our engineered products component of the Parts & Services segment, we sell our products to customers including, but not limited to, Penske Truck Leasing Co., L.P., Transglobal, and Whiting Door Manufacturing, Corp. Marketing and Distribution We market and distribute our products through two primary channels: ▪ Factory direct accounts; and ▪ Independent dealerships. Factory direct accounts are generally large fleets that are high volume purchasers. Historically, we have focused on the factory direct market in which customers are highly knowledgeable of the lifecycle costs of equipment and, therefore, are best equipped to appreciate the innovative design and value-added features of our products, as well as the value proposition for lower total cost of ownership over the lifecycle of our products. 15 Table of Contents We also sell our van, platform, and tank trailers through a network of independent dealers. Additionally, our truck body products are sold through commercial dealers. Our dealers primarily serve mid-market and smaller sized carriers and private fleets in the geographic region where the dealer is located and occasionally may sell to large fleets. The dealers may also perform service and warranty work for our customers.

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials and components, price increases of raw materials and components, and our ability to obtain raw materials and components; ▪ our ability to attract and retain key personnel or a sufficient workforce; ▪ our ability to execute on our long-term strategic plan and growth initiatives or to meet our long-term financial goals; ▪ volatility in the supply of vehicle chassis and other vehicle components: ▪ significant competition in the industries in which we operate, including offerings by our competitors of new or better products and services or lower prices, including foreign competitors who may be violating anti-dumping laws or benefitting from subsidization in their home countries; ▪ our competition in the highly competitive specialized vehicle industry; ▪ market acceptance of our technology and products or market share gains of competing products; ▪ disruptions of manufacturing operations; ▪ our ability to effectively manage, safeguard, design, manufacture, service, repair, and maintain our leased (or subleased) trailers; ▪ our arrangement to wholly own Linq Venture Holdings LLC; ▪ our ability to realize all of the expected enhanced revenue, earnings, and cash flow from our agreement to create Wabash Parts LLC; ▪ current and future governmental laws and regulations and costs related to compliance with such laws and regulations; ▪ changes to U.S. or foreign tax laws and the effects on our effective tax rate and future profitability; ▪ changes in U.S. trade policy, including the imposition of tariffs and the resulting consequences; ▪ the effects of product liability and other legal claims; ▪ climate change and related public focus from regulators and various stakeholders; ▪ impairment in the carrying value of goodwill and other long-lived intangible assets; ▪ our ability to continue a regular quarterly dividend; ▪ our ability to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness; ▪ our indebtedness, financial condition and fulfillment of obligations thereunder; ▪ increased risks of international operations; 3 Table of Contents ▪ our ability to meet environmental, social, and governance (“ESG”) expectations or standards or to achieve our ESG goals; ▪ provisions of our Senior Notes which could discourage potential future acquisitions of us by a third party; ▪ the risks related to restrictive covenants in our Senior Notes indenture and Revolving Credit Agreement (each, as defined below), including limits on financial and operating flexibility; ▪ price and trading volume volatility of our common stock; and ▪ assumptions relating to the foregoing. Although we believe that the expectations expressed in our forward-looking statements are reasonable, actual results could differ materially from those projected or assumed in our forward-looking statements. Our future financial condition and results of operations, as well as any forward-looking statements, are subject to change and are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties, such as those disclosed in this Annual Report. Each forward-looking statement contained in this Annual Report reflects our management’s view only as of the date on which that forward-looking statement was made. We are not obligated to update forward-looking statements or publicly release the result of any revisions to them to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Annual Report or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law. Currently known risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations are described throughout this Annual Report, including in “

