TICKER: WT
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- VENDORS ---
vendors or find new vendors to provide services to us at favorable costs; · our ability to successfully implement our strategy relating to digital assets and blockchain-enabled financial services, including
WisdomTree Connect and WisdomTree Prime, and achieve its objectives; · our ability to successfully operate and expand our business in non-U.S. markets; · the effect of laws and regulations that apply to our business; · the potential benefits arising from our acquisition of Ceres Partners,
LLC, or Ceres, including financial or strategic outcomes; and · our ability to successfully implement our strategic goals relating to the acquisition and integrate the acquired business. The forward-looking statements in this Report
represent our views as of the date of this Report. We anticipate that subsequent events and developments may cause our views to change.
However, while we may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we have no current intention of doing
so except to the extent required by applicable law. Therefore, these forward-looking statements do not represent our views as of any date
other than the date of this Report. 1 Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Our Company We are a global financial innovator, offering a diverse suite of ETPs,
models and solutions, private market investments and digital asset-related products. Our offerings empower investors to shape their financial
future and equip financial professionals to grow their businesses. Leveraging the latest financial infrastructure, we create products
that emphasize access and transparency and provide an enhanced user experience. Building on our heritage of innovation, we continue to broaden our capabilities
beyond our core ETP business. We offer next-generation digital products and services related to tokenized real world assets and stablecoins,
including tokenized mutual funds (“Digital Funds”), as well as our institutional platform, WisdomTree Connect, and blockchain-native
digital wallet, WisdomTree Prime. We also have expanded into private assets through our acquisition of Ceres, a leading U.S.-based alternative
asset manager specializing in farmland investments. As of December 31, 2025, we managed approximately $144.5 billion in assets
under management, or AUM. Our products span a broad range of strategies including equities, commodities, fixed income, leveraged-and-inverse,
cryptocurrency, currency, alternatives, and private assets. We have launched many first-to-market products and pioneered a unique alternative-weighting
approach called “Modern Alpha” that combines the outperformance potential of active management with the cost-effective benefits
of passive management. Our products are distributed across all major
asset management industry channels, including banks, brokerage firms, registered investment advisers, institutional investors, private
wealth managers and online brokers, primarily through our dedicated sales team. We believe technology is transforming how financial advisors
conduct business, and through our Advisor and Portfolio Solutions programs we offer technology-enabled and research-driven solutions.
These include portfolio construction, asset allocation, practice management services and digital tools to help advisors address technology
challenges and scale their businesses. As pioneers in tokenization and blockchain technology, we view this as
the next phase in the evolution of financial services. Through our digital assets strategy, we are committed to “responsible DeFi,”
aligning with regulatory standards to foster growth in this rapidly evolving space. We believe that expanding into digital assets and
blockchain-enabled financial services not only complements our core competencies but will diversify our revenue streams and further contribute
to our growth. We were incorporated under the laws of the state
of Delaware on September 19, 1985 as Financial Data Systems, Inc. and were ultimately renamed WisdomTree, Inc. on November 7, 2022. 2 Table of Contents Assets Under
Management WisdomTree Products We offer products covering equity, commodities,
fixed income, leveraged-and-inverse, cryptocurrency, currency, alternatives, and private assets. The chart below sets forth the asset
mix of our products at December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025: Our Operating and Financial Results We operate as an ETP sponsor and asset manager,
providing investment advisory services globally through our subsidiaries in the U.S. and Europe. U.S. Listed ETFs The AUM of our U.S. listed exchange traded funds,
or U.S. listed ETFs, increased from $79.1 billion at December 31, 2024 to $88.5 billion at December 31, 2025 due to market appreciation
and net inflows. 3 Table of Contents European Listed ETPs The AUM of our European listed (including internationally
cross-listed) ETPs, or European listed ETPs, increased from $30.7 billion at December 31, 2024 to $53.5 billion at December 31, 2025,
due to market appreciation and net inflows. Digital Assets The AUM of our digital assets products increased from $0.0 billion at December
31, 2024 to $0.8 billion at December 31, 2025 due to net inflows. Substantially all 2025 inflows were into the WisdomTree Treasury Money
Market Digital Fund. Private Assets Through our acquisition of Ceres on October 1, 2025 (the “Ceres Acquisition”),
we acquired $1.8 billion of private assets AUM primarily held within an open-ended investment fund, Ceres Farms, LLC (“Ceres Farms”).
This AUM increased by approximately $0.1 billion to $1.9 billion at December 31, 2025, due to $37.0 million of inflows and market appreciation. 4 Table of Contents Consolidated Operating Results The following table sets forth our revenues
and net income for the last three years. · Revenues – We recorded operating revenues of $493.8 million during the year ended
December 31, 2025, up 15.4% from the year ended December 31, 2024 due to revenues arising from the Ceres Acquisition, higher
average AUM and higher other revenues attributable to our European listed ETPs, partly offset by a lower average advisory fee. Other income
for the prior year also included $4.3 million of other revenues related to legal and other related expenses incurred in connection with
a settlement with the SEC regarding certain statements about the ESG screening process for three ETFs advised by WisdomTree Asset Management,
Inc. (the “SEC ESG Settlement”) that were covered by insurance. · Expenses – Total operating expenses increased 10.0% from the year ended December 31, 2024 to $319.6 million primarily
due to compensation expense arising from the Ceres Acquisition and higher headcount, fund management and administration expenses, acquisition-related
costs, third-party distribution fees, occupancy costs and sales and business development expenses. These increases were partly offset
by lower professional fees, as the prior year included $5.0 million of expenses incurred in response to an activist campaign and $4.3
million of legal and other related expenses incurred in connection with the SEC ESG Settlement that were covered
by insurance. · Other Income/(Expenses) – Other income/(expenses) includes interest income and interest expense, loss on extinguishment
of convertible notes, remeasurement of contingent consideration and other losses and gains. See “Other Income/(Expenses)”
in Item 7 “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” for additional information. · Net income – We reported net income of $66.7 million and $109.1 million during the years ended December 31, 2024 and
2025, respectively. See “Non-GAAP Financial Measures”
included in Item 7 “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” for additional
information. Seasonality We believe seasonal fluctuations in the asset
management industry are common, however such trends are generally masked by global market events and market volatility in general. Therefore,
period-to-period comparisons of our or the industry’s flows and operating results may not be meaningful or indicative of results
in future periods. 5 Table of Contents Our Industry – ETPs We believe ETPs have been one of the most innovative
investment products to emerge in the last two decades in the asset management industry. As of December 31, 2025, aggregate AUM of
ETPs globally was $18.2 trillion. The chart below reflects the AUM of the global
ETP industry since 2006: Source: Morningstar As of December 31, 2025, we were the 15 th largest ETP sponsor globally based on AUM. GLOBAL RANKING Rank ETP Sponsor AUM ($ in billions) 1 iShares 5,412 2 Vanguard 4,129 3 State Street 1,988 4 Invesco 976 5 Charles Schwab 495 6 Amundi 411 7 Xtrackers 362 8 JPMorgan 326 9 Nomura 299 10 Dimensional 243 11 First Trust 220 12 VanEck 176 13 UBS 170 14 Fidelity 148 15 WisdomTree 143 16 Amova 137 17 Daiwa 130 18 Global X 128 19 BMO 120 20 Capital Group 108 Source: Morningstar 6 Table of Contents Exchange traded funds, or ETFs, while similar
to mutual funds in many respects, attract a wide array of investors who value their unique benefits, including: · Transparency. ETFs disclose the composition of their underlying portfolios on a daily basis, unlike mutual funds, which
typically disclose their holdings every 90 days. · Intraday trading, hedging strategies and complex orders . Like stocks, ETFs and other exchange-traded products can be
bought and sold on exchanges throughout the trading day at market prices. ETFs update the indicative values of their underlying portfolios
every 15 seconds. As publicly-traded securities, ETF shares can be purchased on margin and sold short, enabling the use of hedging strategies,
and traded using limit orders, allowing investors to specify the price points at which they are willing to trade. · Tax efficiency. In the U.S., whenever a mutual fund or ETF realizes a capital gain that is not balanced by a realized
loss, it must distribute the capital gain to its shareholders. These gains are taxable to all shareholders, even those who reinvest the
gain distributions in additional shares of the fund. However, most ETFs typically redeem their shares through “in-kind” redemptions
in which low-cost securities are transferred out of the ETF in exchange for fund shares in a non-taxable transaction. By using this process,
ETFs can avoid the transaction fees and tax impact incurred by mutual funds that sell securities to generate cash to pay out redemptions. · Uniform pricing. From a cost perspective, ETFs are one of the most equitable investment
products on the market. Investors in a U.S. listed ETF pay identical advisory fees regardless of the investors’ size, structure
or sophistication. Unlike mutual funds, U.S. listed ETFs generally do not have different share classes or different expense structures
for retail and institutional clients, and ETFs typically are not sold with sales loads or 12b-1 fees. In many cases, ETFs offer lower
expense ratios than comparable mutual funds. ETFs are used in various ways by a range of
investors with varying strategies and objectives, from conservative to speculative uses including: · Low-cost index investing. ETFs provide exposure to a variety of broad-based indexes across equities, fixed income, commodities
and other asset classes and strategies, and can be used as both long-term portfolio holdings or short-term trading tools. ETFs offer an
efficient and less costly method by which to gain exposure to indexes as compared to individual stock ownership. · Improved access to specific asset classes. Investors often use ETFs to gain access to specific market sectors or regions
around the world or a particular asset, such as physical gold or crypto, by investing in an ETF that holds a portfolio of securities in
that sector, region or asset rather than gaining exposure by purchasing individual securities, physical commodities or currencies. · Asset allocation. Investors seeking to invest in various asset classes to develop an asset allocation model in a cost-effective
manner can do so easily with ETFs, which offer broad exposure to various asset classes in a single security. · Protective hedging. Investors seeking to protect their portfolios may use ETFs as a hedge against unexpected declines
in prices of securities arising from market movements and changes in currency and interest rates. · Income generation. Investors seeking to obtain income from their portfolios may buy fixed income ETFs that typically
distribute monthly income or dividend-paying ETFs that encompass a basket of dividend-paying stocks rather than buying individual stocks. · Speculative investing. Investors with a specific directional opinion about a market sector may choose to buy or sell
(long or short) an ETF covering or leveraging that market sector. · Arbitrage. Sophisticated investors may use ETFs to exploit perceived value differences between the ETF and the value
of the ETF’s underlying portfolio of securities. · Diversification. By definition, ETFs represent a basket of securities and each fund may contain hundreds or even thousands
of different individual securities. The “instant diversification” of ETFs provides investors with broad exposure to an asset
class, market sector or geography. 7 Table of Contents The ETF sector of the asset management industry
remains highly favored among investors. According to Morningstar, from January 1, 2023 through December 31, 2025, equity ETFs have generated
positive inflows of approximately $2.8 trillion, while long-term equity mutual funds have generated outflows of approximately ($2.0) trillion.
In addition, ETF fixed income flows are benefiting from a broader range of investors gravitating toward fixed income products in the ETF
structure. We believe this trend is due to the inherent benefits of ETFs – transparency, liquidity and tax efficiency. We anticipate our growth, along with that of
the industry, will continue to be driven by the following factors: · Increased investor awareness. ETPs have been gaining market share from mutual funds as investors become more aware of
their key advantages – transparency, liquidity, tax efficiency and generally lower fees. We expect this shift in inflows from traditional
mutual funds to ETPs to continue as investors become more informed about these benefits. · Transition to fee-based models. Financial advisors are increasingly adopting a fee-based approach, where they charge
clients based on AUM rather than earning commissions on transactions. Since ETFs typically offer lower expense ratios than mutual funds,
we believe this transition will further support ETF industry growth. · Innovative products. ETPs now cover nearly every asset class, from equities to fixed income to commodities and cryptocurrencies.
Significant potential remains for innovation in areas such as thematic, liquid alternative and cryptocurrency strategies and expanding
ETP access to investors who might otherwise use hedge funds, separate accounts, single-stock investments, futures or direct investment
in commodity markets. · Evolving demographics. As the “baby boomer” generation continues to retire, we anticipate increased demand
for diverse investment solutions focused on income generation and principal protection, with more investors seeking guidance from financial
advisors. Advisors are likely to allocate a greater share of clients’ portfolios to ETPs, given their typically lower expense ratios,
alignment with fee-based models, and ability to enhance multi-asset allocation across varied market sectors. We believe ETFs are well-suited
to meet the needs of this significant investor group. Additionally, with many younger investors and advisors showing a preference for
ETPs, we expect generational wealth transfers to further drive growth in the ETP industry. · International expansion. While the U.S. currently represents the majority of ETP assets, the same growth factors are
emerging globally, suggesting continued international expansion for ETPs. Our Industry – Digital Assets We believe that digital assets, tokenization
and blockchain technology will drive innovation across financial services, transforming investments, savings, payments and operations.
The digital assets industry has gained significant momentum among market participants, including asset management and fintech firms, banks,
broker-dealers and investors. We anticipate that blockchain technology will enhance product structures and execution in financial services,
with benefits including: · Transparency. Blockchains’ distributed ledger technology provide a shared, immutable record of transactions for
network participants, potentially improving transparency, regulatory reporting, and oversight. · Economic benefits. Automation and streamlined processes may reduce operational, transactional and infrastructure costs. · Process efficiency. Blockchain technology enables near-instant settlement, real-time auditability, and fewer intermediaries,
cutting down on errors, delays and counterparty risks. · New products and markets. Blockchain technology supports fractionalized ownership and tokenized economies, offering
secure and scalable alternatives to traditional finance. · Programmable features. Smart contracts are programmable and can be designed to enforce governance principles, compliance
requirements, data privacy protections and system incentives. They also can facilitate customer identification (e.g., KYC/AML protocols)
compliance by enforcing access controls and transaction restrictions. · Scalability. Blockchain technology supports interoperability across public and private networks which expands global
transaction reach and resilience. The laws and regulatory frameworks for digital assets and blockchain technology
are expanding in scope and complexity, accompanied by increased scrutiny of digital asset activities. This includes litigation and regulatory
actions, a rise in cybersecurity incidents with asset loss, and insolvency proceedings often related to inadequate risk management, speculative
practices or fraud. In addition, the Trump administration and Congress may propose new laws and regulations related to digital assets.
Recent legislative developments, including the enactment of the Guiding and Establishing National Innovation for U.S. Stablecoins Act
(the “GENIUS Act”), represent a significant step toward establishing a more comprehensive federal regulatory framework for
certain digital assets, particularly stablecoins. While the GENIUS Act is intended to provide greater regulatory clarity and consumer
protections, its implementation will require further rulemaking and interpretation by regulatory authorities, and additional legislation
or regulatory guidance may be proposed by Congress, regulatory agencies or future administrations. 8 Table of Contents As a financial innovator bridging traditional
and blockchain-enabled finance, we embrace what we refer to as “responsible DeFi” for our digital asset offerings, aligning
with regulatory principles in this dynamic space. We are committed to providing trusted, innovative products and services through proactive
engagement and collaboration with regulators. Global competition in the digital assets industry
is intensifying, with players ranging from established financial incumbents to early-stage financial technology providers. Varying regulatory
and compliance standards across jurisdictions may impact a company’s competitive positioning. We aim to excel in the digital assets
space by offering innovative products, delivering strong after-fee performance, embracing regulation, forming strategic partnerships,
promoting thought leadership and building brand recognition. Our focus remains on delivering the best structures and execution through
digital assets and blockchain technology, supported by our experienced team. Our Competitive Strengths · Well-positioned in growing markets. We believe ETPs are poised to grow at a faster rate than the broader asset
management industry, providing a competitive advantage relative to legacy mutual fund providers. We also expect that our early entry into
digital assets will strengthen our position as an innovator and leader in blockchain-enabled financial services. The WisdomTree Treasury
Money Market Digital Fund has accumulated $733.3 million of AUM through December 31, 2025, demonstrating early traction for regulated,
blockchain-enabled cash management solutions and underscoring the broader opportunity for tokenized real world asset exposures, such as
fixed income and equities, as the market continues to evolve. Furthermore, our acquisition of Ceres, a leading U.S.-based alternative
asset manager specializing in farmland investments, represents our entry into private asset markets through exposure to what we believe is one of the largest
and most underpenetrated real asset classes in the U.S. · Experienced and innovative leadership. Our seasoned global team brings deep expertise across ETPs, fund operations,
regulatory compliance, marketing and product development. We are also enhancing our capabilities in private assets following the Ceres
Acquisition, which brings recognized expertise in U.S. farmland investments, which we believe is one of the largest and most underpenetrated
real asset classes in the U.S. Together with our expanded digital assets team which develops investment products, indexes and blockchain-enabled
solutions, our leadership is positioned to drive innovation across ETPs, private assets, digital assets and decentralized finance. We
believe our team has consistently capitalized on market opportunities, building a competitive, diversified global business despite significant
competitive, regulatory and operational challenges. · Strong performance. We create our own indexes, most of which weight companies in our equity ETFs by a measure of fundamental
value and are rebalanced annually, in contrast to traditional market capitalization weighted indexes. We also offer actively managed ETFs
and ETFs that track third-party indexes. In evaluating the performance of our U.S. listed equity, fixed income and alternative ETFs against
actively managed and index based mutual funds and ETFs, over 74% of our U.S. listed AUM covered by Morningstar were in the top two quartiles
of peer performance on the 15-year timeframe and over 68% of our U.S. listed AUM covered by Morningstar were in the top two quartiles
of peer performance on the 5-year timeframe. In addition, approximately 40% were rated 4- or 5-star by Morningstar. As part of our expansion into private assets, Ceres manages approximately
$1.9 billion in farmland-based strategies that have generated a 10.3% annualized net return since inception. · Differentiated product set, powered by innovation and performance . Our product suite spans traditional and high growth asset classes including
equity, fixed income, commodity, leveraged-and-inverse, currency, alternative strategies and cryptocurrency, and now private assets through
the Ceres Acquisition, which adds a farmland-based investment capability. We also are pioneering next-generation digital offerings, such
as Digital Funds and tokenized assets. Key advances include: • WisdomTree Connect: This platform offers businesses and institutional users direct access to our Digital Funds using their
own self-hosted wallet or a third-party custodial wallet service. In the future, we believe that the WisdomTree Connect platform will
also enable additional distribution capabilities through potential business-to-business-to-consumer (B2B2C) opportunities; • WisdomTree Prime Mobile App: Our blockchain-native digital wallet serves as a direct-to-consumer channel, positioning us as
an early mover and industry leader in blockchain-enabled financial services. The frequent release of new features and product updates
enhance the application’s product offering; • Real World Asset Tokenization: We offer tokenized physical assets like gold and U.S. dollars, as well as a suite of 15
                                                                   Digital Funds offering asset allocation, fixed income and equity exposures using a blockchain integrated recordkeeping system on
                                                                   seven networks including Stellar, Ethereum, Solana, Arbitrum, Avalanche, Base, Optimism and Plume; 9 Table of Contents • Farmland and Private Assets: Our expansion into private assets through the Ceres Acquisition provides
exposure to U.S. farmland strategies that have historically exhibited strong returns with comparatively low volatility, negative correlation
with broader asset classes and positive correlation with inflation. This capability adds a differentiated real asset component to our
platform; and • First-to-Market ETF Offerings: We have been the first to introduce groundbreaking ETFs, including the
first currency-hedged international equity ETFs in the U.S., the first gold and oil ETPs in Europe and the first smart beta corporate
bond suite. Other market firsts include the first ETF to add bitcoin futures exposure, multifactor ETFs with dynamic currency hedging
as a factor, a 90/60 balanced ETF, the emerging markets small-cap equity ETF and the first ETF focused specifically on European defense
companies. Our product development strategy utilizes our Modern Alpha
approach, which combines the outperformance potential of active management with the cost-effective benefits of passive management, delivering
products optimized for performance. Self-indexing is a core part of this strategy, providing competitive advantages such as reduced third-party
index licensing fees for higher profitability, effective market positioning and research content, speed to market, and a unique value
proposition in our proprietary WisdomTree indexes. This distinctive approach allows us to lead with innovative products that are built
to perform. · Extensive marketing, research and sales efforts. We have made substantial investments to build the WisdomTree brand
and promote our products through targeted online, television and social media advertising, as well as through public relations. Approximately
40% of our team is dedicated to marketing, research and sales. Our sales professionals serve as the primary contacts for financial advisors,
independent advisory firms and institutional investors in our ETPs, supported by value-added insights from our research and marketing
teams. By aligning advisor relationships with marketing and targeted research and products that resonate with market sentiment, we believe
we stand out from competitors. · Efficient business model with lower risk profile. Our investments in digital tools, data and core capabilities in product
development, marketing, research and sales support an efficient business model. We outsource to third parties those services that are
not our core competencies or may be resource or risk intensive, such as portfolio management and fund accounting operations of our products.
Additionally, our licensing costs are moderated since we create our own indexes for most of our ETFs, further enhancing operational efficiency. Our Growth Strategies With $144.5 billion in AUM as of December 31, 2025, WisdomTree is a global
financial innovator, offering a diverse suite of ETPs, model portfolios and solutions, private market investments and digital asset-related
products and services. Our strategic growth initiatives seek to scale our core offerings, expand market reach and enhance client engagement,
focusing on four key areas: · Scaling AUM and Diversifying Revenue Streams: We seek to strengthen our leadership position in the asset management industry
by expanding our product lineup and deepening advisor engagement. Our strategic priorities include growing our advisor base and increasing
product adoption per advisor through continued innovation and first-to-market strategies that combine active and passive management in
a cost-effective manner. We also plan to expand our offerings to address investor needs while broadening our revenue base beyond the traditional
expense ratios to enhance our financial durability. Our strategic minority investment in, and multi-year collaboration with, Quorus Inc.,
or Quorus, a technology-driven asset manager and registered investment adviser with platform capabilities for delivering customizable
tax-efficient portfolio solutions, supports this effort by enabling certain of our investment strategies to be implemented in separately
managed accounts, or SMAs, via the Quorus platform, and our model portfolios to be made available there, with integrated trading and rebalancing,
providing advisors with additional customization options and implementation flexibility. In addition, the Ceres Acquisition increased
our revenue capture and introduced a private asset offering with differentiated economics. We aim to build on this momentum by further
deepening client engagement, expanding our solutions and being an early mover in tokenization. · Leadership in Digital Assets and Tokenization: We are pioneering the next evolution of finance through tokenization, driven
by a nascent secular shift towards tokenized assets that we believe is reshaping the financial industry. WisdomTree Connect provides institutional
clients with direct access to our Digital Funds through self-hosted or third-party custodial wallets, while WisdomTree Prime, a blockchain-native
digital wallet, offers direct-to-consumer access to bitcoin, ether, tokenized gold, U.S. dollar tokens and 15 Digital Funds. At December
31, 2025, the WisdomTree Treasury Money Market Digital Fund, our tokenized money market fund, had $733.3 million of AUM, as compared to
$12.0 million at the beginning of the year. This growth highlights market receptivity to regulated, blockchain-native cash solutions and
points to the broader opportunity to extend tokenization to additional real world asset categories such as fixed income and equities.
With regulatory approvals expanding and market adoption accelerating, we believe that we are well-positioned to capitalize on the transformative
potential of tokenized assets. 10 Table of Contents · Strengthening Model Portfolios and Advisor Solutions: Our ability to deliver strong model performance and asset growth enables
us to navigate rigorous selection processes at some of the leading wealth management firms in the U.S. Through our Portfolio Solutions
program, we are pursuing registered investment advisors and independent broker-dealers offering customization services with the goal of
managing a majority of each firm’s assets. We aim to increase the number of advisors utilizing our model portfolios, expand the
number of accounts per advisor and grow assets per account. Our Portfolio Solutions program offers financial advisors with scalable frameworks
for model portfolio delivery through three key offerings: • Portfolio Consultations: For advisor-built portfolios, we offer personalized, in-depth evaluations of model portfolios, including
analyses of portfolio composition, stress testing and assessments of holdings and overlaps, to enhance performance and risk management. • Chief Investment Office (CIO)-Managed Model Portfolios: For outsourced portfolios, financial advisors can gain access to our
CIO-Managed Model Portfolios, which cater to a wide array of client investment goals. Advisors can implement these models directly, via
model marketplaces or on third-party platforms. • Shared CIO: Advisors collaborate with our models investment team to co-manage portfolios for their clients, with options for
advisors to delegate trading, rebalancing and tax optimization tasks leveraging third-party service providers or platforms, providing
flexibility and strategic alignment. Our model portfolios are accessible across a number of platforms
including Merrill Lynch, LPL Financial, UBS, Charles Schwab, Envestnet, Adhesion and others. Assets Under Advisement, or AUA, stands at
$6.1 billion at December 31, 2025, up approximately 60% from the prior year, reflecting steady progress as we build deeper relationships,
improve asset retention and create more stable, higher-quality revenue streams with significant growth potential. · Strategic Innovation and Capital Deployment: Innovation has always been a cornerstone of our success. We are integrating
artificial intelligence (AI) into certain aspects of our daily workflows to drive scalability and efficiency, while continuing to assess
its broader applications over time. Additionally, we continue to take a proactive approach to capital deployment. We have repurchased
over $165 million of our common stock over the past two years. Looking ahead, we will continue to evaluate additional stock buybacks,
as well as additional strategic acquisitions and partnerships that align with our long-term vision. We believe our disciplined execution and our growth strategies position
us for continued success in 2026 and beyond. By expanding our revenue streams, leading in blockchain-enabled financial services, deepening
advisor relationships, leveraging technology and effectively deploying capital, we are driving sustainable growth and creating long-term
value for stockholders. Human Capital Resources We operate in the highly competitive asset management
industry, where attracting, retaining and motivating skilled employees across operations, product development, research, technology, sales
and marketing is critical to our success. Our ability to recruit and retain talent depends on our culture, career development opportunities
and competitive compensation and benefits. We foster a sense of community and purpose, encouraging an inclusive workplace where every
voice is heard. Employee Profile As of December 31, 2025, we had 360 full-time
employees globally, with 236 in the U.S. and 124 in Europe. We consider our relations with employees to be good. Inclusion and Engagement We believe engaging employees fosters innovation
and drives commitment and productivity. We communicate frequently and transparently with our employees, including through an annual global
virtual offsite, frequent town halls and weekly firmwide updates. Feedback is gathered individually and through surveys and employees
are encouraged to participate in volunteer and charitable events. In 2025, our “Team Alpha” Awards celebrated key achievements
and recognized exemplary teamwork for the sixth consecutive year. We recognize that a diverse set of perspectives is critical to innovation
and have built an inclusive global workforce. We prioritize fairness and equality through inclusive policies and practices. Our global,
employee-led Community and Connection Collective (C3) oversees initiatives like accessibility training, empowerment workshops, inclusive
feedback training and financial literacy programs. C3 also promotes awareness days and months across the firm in recognition of Black
history, women’s history, pride, mental health and men’s health, among others. Our global employee-led Women’s Initiative Network (WIN) supports
career and leadership development through global events, seminars, roundtable forums, charitable giving initiatives, and a mentorship
program that connects WIN members of all genders with firm leaders to help them achieve their career development goals. WIN initiatives
have fostered firm-wide connectivity and increased internal and external visibility for female employees. 11 Table of Contents The success of our employee inclusion and engagement efforts is demonstrated
by our 93.8% employee retention rate in 2025. We also achieved overall positive results from our 2025 global employee engagement survey,
with a 99% participation rate. Additionally, in the U.S., we were named a “2025 Best Places to Work in Money Management” by Pensions & Investments for the sixth consecutive year and ranked first within the category for managers with 100-499 employees.
In the U.K., we were also named Best Workplace for medium-sized companies for the sixth consecutive year and a 2025 Best Workplace for
Women by Great Place to Work. Wellness, Health and Safety The wellbeing of our employees is a primary
focus. We are continuously evolving and refining how we work best to achieve individual, team and Company goals. We embrace a “Work
Smart” philosophy that transcends physical work settings, with a focus on optimizing productivity, efficiency and effectiveness
of our work. Time in the office generally is not prescribed, and team leaders are empowered to determine how their teams work best, based
on their roles, with employees remaining accountable for achieving individual, team and Company outcomes. To foster employee wellbeing and a healthy work-life
balance, we offer numerous wellness programs including yoga, meditation and mental health resources. Our U.S. employees also enjoy “wellness
days,” which are additional scheduled office closures around major market holidays for employees to collectively disconnect and
rejuvenate. Employees also receive stipends for remote work expenses and robust technology support. In keeping with “Work Smart,” we
maintain an office footprint globally that aligns with the number of employees expected to collaborate in person on any given day, while
providing a space for employees to work and socialize. Our offices are located in buildings with robust security procedures, fire safety
and sanitation and health practices. Compliance, Training and Development We are committed to complying with all applicable
laws, rules and regulations and each employee is responsible for understanding and adhering to the standards and restrictions they impose.
All new employees attend a compliance training session with a compliance officer during onboarding, and thereafter, employees are required
to attend firmwide annual compliance training and to complete compliance certifications annually and in some instances, quarterly. We
also conduct mandatory cybersecurity training and other training programs as required by law. Employee development is prioritized with role-specific
training, small group meetings with senior leaders, departmental webinars, continuing education support, leadership development courses
and individual and team coaching. We also hold regular town halls to share business developments, employee news and job openings, as well
as to provide opportunities for employees to hone their presentation skills by sharing department updates. Compensation and Benefits We are committed to attracting, retaining and
rewarding our employees through a competitive compensation program that aligns employee and stockholder interests. Our incentive compensation
program rewards both individual and Company performance, incorporating quantitative metrics and qualitative results that incentivize growth.
We believe a key to our success is our entrepreneurial culture, where employees think and act like owners. Equity awards are an important
component of our compensation strategy, reinforcing this ownership mindset and further aligning employee incentives with stockholder value.
We also offer a wide array of benefits including generous healthcare coverage, paid vacation (unlimited in the U.S.), parental, sabbatical
and sick leave, life and travel insurance, short- and long-term disability benefits, educational assistance and, in the U.S., a 401(k)
plan with a matching contribution of up to 50% of eligible employee contributions. Our Product Categories U.S. Equity ETPs We offer equity products that provide access
to the securities of large, mid and small-cap companies located in the U.S., as well as particular market sectors and styles. Our U.S.
Equity products generally track our own indexes and quantitative active strategies. Total AUM of our U.S. Equity products was $41.4 billion
at December 31, 2025. Commodity & Currency ETPs We offer products in Europe with exposure to
gold and other precious metals and commodities such as silver and platinum, oil and energy, agriculture and broad basket commodities.
Our currency products provide investors with exposure to developed and emerging markets currencies, as well as exposures to foreign currencies
relative to the U.S. dollar. Total AUM of our Commodity & Currency products was $37.0 billion at December 31, 2025. International Developed Market Equity ETPs Our International Developed Market Equity products offer a variety of strategies
including currency-hedged and dynamic currency-hedged exposures, as well as large, mid and small-cap and multifactor strategies. In March
2025, we expanded this lineup with the launch of the WisdomTree Europe Defence UCITS ETF, which accumulated $3.9 billion of AUM by December
31, 2025. Total AUM of our International Developed Market Equity products was $25.6 billion at December 31, 2025. 12 Table of Contents Fixed Income ETPs Our Fixed Income products seek to enhance income
potential within the fixed income universe. We offer a suite of bond products based on either leading fixed income benchmarks we license
from third parties or active strategies. We also launched the industry’s first smart beta corporate bond suite and first floating
rate U.S. Treasury product. Other product offerings include those that seek to track a yield-enhanced index of U.S. investment grade bonds
and international fixed income products which are denominated in either local or U.S. currencies. Total AUM of our Fixed Income products
was $21.1 billion at December 31, 2025. Emerging Market Equity ETPs Our Emerging Market Equity products provide
access to exposure of large, mid and small-cap companies located in Taiwan, China, India, Russia, South Africa, South Korea and other
emerging markets regions. These products also track our own indexes or quantitative active strategies. Total AUM of our Emerging Market
Equity products was $10.6 billion at December 31, 2025. Leveraged & Inverse ETPs We offer leveraged products which seek to achieve
a return that is a multiple of the performance of the underlying index and inverse products that seek to deliver the opposite of the performance
in the index or benchmark they track. Strategies span across equity, commodity, government bond and currency exposures. Total AUM of our
Leveraged & Inverse products was $3.3 billion at December 31, 2025. Cryptocurrency ETPs Our cryptocurrency ETPs provide investors with
a simple, secure and cost-efficient way to gain exposure to the price of cryptocurrencies, while utilizing the best of traditional financial
infrastructure and product structuring. We offer exposures to bitcoin, ether, solana, crypto asset baskets and other cryptocurrency exposures.
Total AUM of our cryptocurrency products was $2.2 billion at December 31, 2025. Alternatives ETPs Our Alternative products include the industry’s
first managed futures strategy ETF, a collateralized put write strategy ETF, a global target range strategy ETF, and an alternative high
income ETF focused on publicly traded alternative solutions to private credit. We also intend to explore additional alternative strategy
products in the future. Total AUM of our Alternative products was $1.4 billion at December 31, 2025. Private Assets The Ceres Acquisition marked our entry in 2025 into private asset markets through exposure to what we believe is
one of the largest and most underpenetrated real asset classes in the U.S. Ceres manages approximately $1.9 billion in farmland-based
strategies that have generated a 10.3% annualized net return since inception. Our Sales, Marketing and Research Efforts Sales We distribute our ETPs across major asset management
channels, including banks, brokerage firms, registered investment advisers, institutional investors, private wealth managers, and online
brokers. Our primary focus is on financial and investment advisers who act as intermediaries, rather than directly targeting retail clients.
We do not pay commissions or offer 12b-1 fees to financial advisors for recommending our products. Our Advisor and Portfolio Solutions programs
support financial advisors and independent broker-dealers with customized portfolio and asset allocation services, research-driven and
technology-enabled tools and strategic guidance to grow and scale their businesses. These solutions are designed to help financial advisors
meet their clients’ needs efficiently while aligning with our investment strategies. Senior and academic advisors, including Professor
Jeremy Siegel, Senior Economist to WisdomTree, enhance our outreach by participating as keynote speakers at industry and company-hosted
events. Our sales professionals provide consultative, value-added services to deepen relationships and expand our network of financial
advisors. As of December 31, 2025, our global sales team
included 86 professionals. Additionally, we partner with third parties to market our products in Latin America and Israel. We work with
select brokerage firms and independent broker-dealers to offer commission-free trading for certain ETPs in exchange for a share of advisory
fee revenues. We believe these arrangements extend our distribution capabilities cost-effectively, and we continue to explore similar
opportunities. 13 Table of Contents Marketing Our marketing efforts are focused on the following
objectives: increase our global brand awareness, leverage a robust data-driven digital sales experience to generate new clients and drive
inflows to our products and model portfolios and retain existing clients, with a focus on cross-selling additional WisdomTree ETPs. We
also anticipate launching marketing campaigns to drive awareness and user adoption for WisdomTree Prime and WisdomTree Connect and to
position ourselves to become a leader in asset tokenization and blockchain-enabled funds. We pursue these objectives utilizing the following
strategies: · Targeted advertising. We create highly targeted multi-media advertising campaigns limited to established core financial
media. For example, our television advertising to promote our ETPs runs exclusively on the cable networks CNBC and Fox Business. It is
anticipated that television advertising also will be utilized to promote WisdomTree Prime. Also, our digital advertising runs on many
investing and ETF-specific web-sites, such as www.etftrends.com and www.etfdb.com, using targeted dynamic and personalized ad messaging.
We also utilize non-linear TV advertising that leverages the same targeted segments of users who use streaming devices. In Europe, we
filter the targeting of promotions by both region and language, focusing heavily on professional investors. · Media relations. We have a full-time global corporate communications and public relations team that has established
relationships with major financial and digital assets media outlets. We utilize these relationships to help increase global awareness
of WisdomTree ETPs, the ETP industry in general in the U.S. and Europe and our digital assets efforts. Several members of our management
team and multiple members of our research team are frequent market commentators and conference panelists. · Database Messaging Strategy. We maintain a database of financial advisors and regularly market to them through multi-channel
messaging (email, display, site) triggered by user interest and predictive analytics. These communications include research presentations,
ETP-specific and educational events and market commentary from Professor Jeremy Siegel, Senior Economist to WisdomTree. For WisdomTree
Prime, we also engage a retail user database with targeted messages across email, in-app notifications and push notifications based on
user behavior or predictive analytics. Additionally, we share updates on product launches and provide financial education to our retail
database through a monthly newsletter. · Social media. We have implemented a social media strategy that allows us to connect directly with financial advisors
and investors by offering timely access to our research material and more general market commentary. Our social media strategy allows
us to continually enhance our brand reputation of expertise and thought leadership in the ETP industry. For example, we have an established
presence on LinkedIn, X, Instagram, Reddit and YouTube, and our blog content is syndicated across multiple business-oriented websites.
We have several employee influencer programs where employee thought leaders are approved to post specific content on their LinkedIn and
X accounts. We also leverage the strength and reach of our existing brand, in addition to utilizing a highly focused “test, learn,
iterate” paid and social media marketing strategy, to drive awareness and user adoption for WisdomTree Prime. · Sales support. We develop a wide range of marketing and educational materials to support our ETP sales efforts, including
white papers, research reports, webinars, blogs, podcasts, videos and product performance data. Our marketing automation systems integrate
with our financial advisor database to provide additional insights that support sales engagement. We also maintain strategic partnerships
with third-party platforms that distribute our research and thought leadership content to their established databases of financial professionals,
helping to broaden our reach and generate qualified leads. In addition, we have agreements with third-party providers to assist with lead
generation and content distribution. We will continue to evolve our marketing and
communication efforts in response to changes in the ETP industry, market conditions, marketing trends and our evolving strategy around
digital assets. Research and Chief Investment Office Our research team and Chief Investment Office serve four core functions:
product development and oversight, investment research, model portfolio management, and sales support across equities, fixed income, alternatives,
crypto, and asset allocation portfolios. In its index and active product development and oversight role, the team designs investment methodologies
and manages the maintenance of both index-based and active strategies. The team conducts in-depth investment research on these strategies
and markets, while also managing a suite of model portfolios that integrate WisdomTree and third-party products for various platforms. Our research is academic in nature and aims
to support our products with white papers on the strategies underlying our indexes and ETPs, insights on market trends, and analyses
of investment approaches that drive long-term performance. This content is distributed via our sales professionals, our website and blog,
targeted emails to financial advisors, podcasts and through financial media and social media channels. Additionally, the team supports sales efforts by serving as market experts
during client meetings and providing custom analyses on portfolio holdings. We also collaborate with senior advisers, including Professor
Jeremy Siegel, on product development ideas, model strategies and market commentaries. 14 Table of Contents Product Development We are focused on driving continued growth through
innovative product development, including through our Modern Alpha approach and our digital assets offerings. Modern Alpha combines the
outperformance potential of active management with the benefits of passive management to offer investors cost-effective products that
are built to perform. Due to our proprietary index development capabilities
and a strategic focus on product development, we have demonstrated an ability to launch innovative and differentiated ETPs. Building on
our heritage of innovation, we are also developing next-generation digital products and structures, including Digital Funds and tokenized
assets. When developing new products, we seek to position ourselves as first to market, offering improvement in structure or strategy
relative to an incumbent product or offering some other key distinction relative to an incumbent product. In short, we want to add choice
in the market and seek to introduce thoughtful investment solutions. Lastly, when launching new products, we seek to expand and diversify
our overall product line. Competition The asset management industry is highly competitive,
with significant competition across product offerings, fees, brand recognition and service quality. We face direct competition from other
ETP sponsors and mutual fund companies, and indirect competition from larger financial institutions, including banks, insurance companies
and diversified investment firms with broader distribution channels, resources and diversified revenue streams. Many of our larger competitors
have extensive sales organizations and can attract clients through retail bank networks, broker-dealer networks and other channels not
available to us. ETPs now span nearly every asset class, from
equities and fixed income to commodities and cryptocurrencies. As the market matures, existing and new players are introducing ETPs that
often resemble our strategies. However, we believe that significant opportunities for innovation remain, particularly in cryptocurrency,
thematic and alternative strategies. Our approach emphasizes being an early entrant in emerging asset classes, which can provide a significant
advantage. For example, our early launches in asset classes such as fundamental weighting and currency hedging, and commodities (including
gold), certain fixed income, and thematic categories, have positioned us to maintain our standing as one of the leaders of the ETP industry. While competition in ETPs spans nearly all traditional and thematic categories,
competition in private assets—particularly in farmland strategies—remains more limited. The Ceres Acquisition provides us
with differentiated exposure to this market, where fewer scaled competitors operate and where the asset class has historically been underpenetrated.
We believe this product offering enhances our ability to provide complementary investment solutions that are subject to a different competitive
dynamic within the broader ETP landscape. Price competition spans both commoditized products,
such as traditional, market cap-weighted index exposures and more specialized categories, such as factor-based or thematic exposures.
Fee reductions by competitors have been a persistent trend, with some larger firms able to offer lower fees or even use products as loss
leaders due to other revenue sources. New entrants also often seek to compete by offering lower-fee ETPs. Currently, funds with fees of
20 basis points or less account for approximately 70% of net flows globally over the past three years, though these funds represent only
approximately 32% of global revenues. Being a first mover or one of the first providers
of ETPs in a particular asset class can be a significant advantage, as the first ETP in a category to attract scale in AUM and trading
liquidity is generally viewed as the most attractive product. We believe that our self-indexing model, along with our newer active ETFs,
allows us to introduce proprietary products that face limited direct competition and are positioned to generate alpha versus traditional
benchmarks. As investors grow more comfortable with ETP structures, we expect a stronger focus on after-fee performance rather than merely
on low-cost market access. While we have selectively reduced fees on certain products that have yet to achieve scale—and may do
so selectively in the future—our strategy focuses on launching new products in the same category with differentiated exposure at
lower fees, rather than reducing fees on well-established products with substantial AUM, performance histories and liquidity. We generally
consider our product pricing to be well-positioned within the competitive landscape. Beyond traditional ETPs, we are diversifying into blockchain technology
and digital assets. WisdomTree Connect offers businesses and institutional clients direct access to our Digital Funds through either self-hosted
or third-party custodial wallets. These tokenized products are designed to be recorded or transferred on multiple public and permissioned
blockchains, enabling interoperability and expanding client access. WisdomTree Prime, our blockchain-native digital wallet, provides direct-to-consumer
access to digital assets such as bitcoin, ether, tokenized gold, U.S. dollar tokens and 15 Digital Funds. As one of the first firms to
launch a spot bitcoin ETF in the U.S. and among the earliest to offer a regulated tokenized money market fund, we continue to establish
our leadership in digital assets. With increasing competition from both established financial firms and fintech startups, we remain focused
on “responsible DeFi,” ensuring that our products meet regulatory standards while delivering transparency, choice and inclusivity.
We believe this expansion into digital assets complements our core competencies, diversifies our revenue streams and contributes to our
long-term growth. 15 Table of Contents Our competitive success will largely depend on our ability to offer innovative
products, including through both traditional ETPs and digital asset exposures, as well as broader blockchain-enabled financial services,
including savings and payments. Key factors include maintaining strong internal controls and risk management infrastructure to foster
customer trust, generating robust after-fee performance and track records, embracing regulatory standards and building distribution relationships.
Additionally, we focus on promoting thought leadership and a distinctive solutions program, strengthening our brand, and attracting and
retaining talented sales professionals and employees. Regulatory Framework of the ETP Industry and Digital Assets Business ETPs Not all ETPs are ETFs. ETFs are a distinct type of security with features
that are different than other ETPs. ETFs are open-end investment companies or unit investment trusts regulated in the U.S. by the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. This regulatory structure is designed to provide investor protection within
a pooled investment product. For example, the Investment Company Act requires that at least 40% of the Trustees for each ETF must not
be affiliated persons of the fund’s investment manager, or Independent Trustees. If the ETF seeks to rely on certain rules under
the Investment Company Act, a majority of the Trustees for that ETF must be Independent Trustees. ETFs generally operate under regulations
that allow them to operate within the ETF structure, while ETFs also operate under regulations that prohibit affiliated transactions,
are subject to standard pricing and valuation rules and have mandated compliance programs. ETPs can take a number of forms in addition
to ETFs, including exchange-traded notes, grantor trusts or limited partnerships. In the U.S. market, a key factor differentiating ETFs,
grantor trusts and limited partnerships from exchange-traded notes is that the former hold assets underlying the ETP. Exchange-traded
notes, on the other hand, are debt instruments issued by the exchange-traded note sponsor. Also, each of these structures has implications
for taxes, liquidity, tracking error and credit risk. Digital Assets As we continue to build out our digital assets business, we believe it
is necessary and important to do so in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. As a result, we are actively engaged with a variety
of U.S. federal and state regulators (e.g., the SEC, Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), New York Department of Financial
Services (NYDFS) and other state regulators) to secure, as necessary, or maintain the appropriate regulatory, registration and/or licensing
approvals for various business initiatives and operations, including but not limited to: a New York state-chartered limited purpose trust
company; money services and money transmitter business; limited purpose broker-dealer; transfer agent; investment adviser; and investment
funds. As we seek to expand globally, similar approvals and/or reliance on exemptions will be required in applicable foreign markets,
which also may involve approvals specific to a digital assets or related business. As we secure the appropriate regulatory, registration
and/or licensing approvals, or otherwise rely on, seek or confirm exemptions therefrom, in connection with our digital assets business,
we are and will be subject to a myriad of complex and evolving global policy frameworks and associated regulatory requirements that we
need to comply with, or otherwise be exempt from, to ensure that our digital assets products and services are successfully brought to
different markets in a compliant manner. We remain committed to being a trusted provider of innovative products and services guided by
proactive engagement and regulatory collaboration. U.S. Regulation All aspects of our business are subject to various
federal and state laws and regulations. These laws and regulations are primarily intended to protect the end user, which may include retail
and institutional customers, investment advisory clients and shareholders of registered investment companies. These laws generally grant
supervisory agencies broad administrative powers, including the power to limit or restrict the conduct of our business and to impose fines,
sanctions or other penalties for failure to comply with these laws and regulations. Further, such laws and regulations provide the basis
for examination, inquiry, investigation, enforcement action and/or litigation which could materially affect our business. We are primarily subject to the following laws
and regulations, among others. The costs of complying with such laws and regulations have increased and will continue to contribute to
the costs of doing business: · The Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (Investment Advisers Act). The SEC is the federal agency generally responsible for administering the
U.S. federal securities laws. WisdomTree Asset Management, Inc., or WTAM, WisdomTree Digital Management, Inc., or WT Digital Management,
and Ceres, three of our subsidiaries, are registered as investment advisers under the Investment Advisers Act and, as such, are subject
to regulation and oversight by the SEC. The Investment Advisers Act imposes a comprehensive regulatory framework on registered investment
advisers including fiduciary duties and requirements relating to recordkeeping, operational procedures, and registration, reporting and
disclosure obligations. As a result of the Ceres Acquisition, we have expanded into investment strategies, products and markets that are
subject to regulatory regimes and supervisory expectations that apply to private fund advisers under the Investment Advisers Act, including
with respect to disclosure obligations, valuation practices, conflicts of interest, liquidity management and investor protection. 16 Table of Contents · The Investment Company
                                            Act of 1940 (Investment Company Act). All of our Digital Funds and U.S. listed ETFs
                                            are registered with the SEC pursuant to the Investment Company Act. These products must comply
                                            with the applicable requirements of the Investment Company Act and other regulations, such
                                            as those related to publicly offering and listing shares, as well as requirements of Rule
                                            6c-11, or the ETF Rule, including, among others, requirements relating to operations, fees
                                            charged, sales, accounting, recordkeeping, disclosure, transparency and governance. In addition,
                                            the SEC continues to take an active approach in its rulemaking activity by finalizing and
                                            proposing new rules and/or rule amendments under the Investment Company Act that will impact
                                            current and future Digital Fund and ETF operations and/or investments. Ceres offers its investment
                                            products through private placements and relies on exemptions from registration under the
                                            Investment Company Act. · Broker-Dealer Regulations. WisdomTree Securities, Inc., or WT Securities, is a limited purpose broker-dealer
(i.e., mutual fund retailer) registered with the SEC and a member of FINRA. WT Securities facilitates transactions in, and serves as the
distributor for, the Digital Funds and is authorized to sell shares of registered funds, including the Digital Funds, from its own inventory
as principal. This broker-dealer activity is conducted separately from other WisdomTree subsidiaries that act as Digital Fund and ETF
sponsors in the U.S. and are not required to register as broker-dealers under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or Exchange
Act. In addition, Ceres Securities, LLC, or Ceres Securities, a wholly owned subsidiary of Ceres, is a limited purpose broker-dealer registered
with the SEC and a member of FINRA that operates as a placement agent for Ceres Farms, earning placement fees on sales of interests to
investors it introduces, and is subject to SEC and FINRA regulation and oversight, including rules governing private placements, sales
practices, disclosures, recordkeeping, supervision and compliance. Many of our employees, including all salespersons engaged in distribution
activities, are licensed with FINRA and are registered as associated persons of WT Securities, Ceres Securities or the distributor of
the WisdomTree Digital Funds and U.S. listed ETFs, as applicable, and, as such, are subject to FINRA rules that relate to licensing, continuing
education and sales practices. FINRA rules also apply to our fund marketing and sales materials. · Federal Money Services Business and State Money Transmission Laws. WisdomTree Digital Movement, Inc. is a money services
business registered with the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, or FinCEN, and a state licensed money transmitter operating a platform
for the purchase, sale and exchange of digital assets, while also providing blockchain-enabled digital wallet services through WisdomTree
Prime to facilitate such activity. Navigating state regulations across the U.S. provides compliance challenges and significant costs as
regulations and expectations differ between states, with different states seeking to achieve different objectives with their regulations,
from consumer protection to preventing money laundering. In addition, licensure requirements are quickly evolving (including regulators
not permitting certain activities related to digital assets pursuant to such licenses), with the associated timeframes for licensure increasing
and licensure being further complicated by recent market events and bankruptcies of firms in the digital assets space. · Internal Revenue Code. WisdomTree Trust, WisdomTree Digital Trust and the WisdomTree Bitcoin Fund each have their own
respective requirements they must satisfy to qualify for pass-through tax treatment under the Internal Revenue Code. · U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) and National Futures Association
(NFA). Regulations
adopted by the CFTC have required WTAM to become a member of the NFA and register as a commodity pool operator for a select number of
our ETFs. · Products Exchange Listing Requirements. Each WisdomTree U.S. listed ETF is listed on a secondary market (each, an Exchange),
including NYSE Arca, the NASDAQ Market and the Cboe BZX Exchange, Inc, and accordingly is subject to the listing requirements of these
Exchanges. Any new WisdomTree U.S. listed ETF will seek listing on an Exchange and also will need to meet continued Exchange listing requirements,
which generally align with requirements of the ETF Rule. However, the SEC or an Exchange may ultimately determine not to allow the issuance
of potential new WisdomTree U.S. listed ETFs or may require strategy or operational modifications as part of the registration and/or listing
process. · Corporate Exchange Listing Requirements. In addition, our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and
we are therefore also subject to its rules including corporate governance listing standards, as well as federal and state securities laws. · FINRA Rules. FINRA rules and guidance may affect how WisdomTree U.S. listed ETFs are sold by member firms. We currently
do not offer so-called leveraged ETFs in the U.S., which may include within their holdings derivative instruments such as options, futures
or swaps to obtain leveraged exposures. FINRA guidance, the recently effective SEC Rule 18f-4, or the Derivatives Rule, and/or other future
rules or regulations may influence how member firms effect sales of certain WisdomTree U.S. listed ETFs, such as our currency ETFs, or
how such ETFs operate, which also use some forms of derivatives, including forward currency contracts and swaps, our international hedged
equity ETFs, which use currency forwards, and our rising rates bond ETFs and alternative strategy ETFs, which use futures or options. · Section 17A of the Exchange Act. WisdomTree Transfers, Inc., or WT Transfers, is a transfer agent registered with the
SEC. As a transfer agent, WT Transfers provides transfer agency and registrar services for the Digital Funds offered through WisdomTree
Prime. WT Transfers’ transfer agency and registrar services are subject to Section 17A of the Exchange Act and applicable rules
promulgated thereunder. 17 Table of Contents International Regulation Our operations outside the U.S. are subject
to the laws and regulations of various non-U.S. jurisdictions and non-U.S. regulatory agencies and bodies. As we have expanded our international
presence, a number of our subsidiaries and international operations have become subject to regulatory systems, in various jurisdictions,
comparable to those covering our operations in the U.S. Regulators in these non-U.S. jurisdictions may have broad authority with respect
to the regulation of financial services including, among other things, the authority to grant or cancel required licenses or registrations. Jersey-Domiciled Issuers (Managed by WisdomTree Management
Jersey Limited) One of our subsidiaries, WisdomTree Management Jersey Limited, or ManJer,
is a Jersey based management company providing investment and other management services to several Jersey-domiciled issuers, or ManJer
Issuers, of exchange-traded commodities, or ETCs, each of which was established as a special purpose vehicle to issue exchange-traded
securities. All ETCs are listed and marketed across the European Union, or EU, under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament
and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended), or the Prospectus Regulation. Since January 4, 2021, the Central Bank of Ireland, or
Central Bank, approves all ETC Base Prospectuses (with the exception of WisdomTree Issuer X Limited’s prospectus which is approved
by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority) as meeting the requirements imposed under EU law pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation.
Such approval relates only to those securities to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purpose of Markets in Financial
Instruments Directive (recast) – Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and the Council, or MiFID II, and/or which are
to be offered to the public in any European Economic Area, or EEA, Member State. All ETC prospectuses have been approved by the Financial
Conduct Authority, or FCA, as U.K. Listing Authority, as competent authority pursuant to the U.K. version of Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129
of the European Parliament and the Council of 14 June 2017 on the form and content of such prospectuses and since January 2026 are approved
in accordance with the rules in Prospectus Rules: Admission to Trading on a Regulated Market sourcebook made pursuant to the FCA’s
rule-making powers under the Public Offers and Admissions to Trading Regulations 2024. Each prospectus (except WisdomTree Issuer X Limited’s
prospectus) is prepared, and a copy is sent to the Jersey Financial Services Commission, or JFSC, in accordance with the Collective Investment
Funds (Certified Funds – Prospectuses) (Jersey) Order 2012. Each ManJer Issuer (other than WisdomTree Issuer X Limited) has obtained
a certificate under the Collective Investment Funds (Jersey) Law 1988 (as amended), to enable it to undertake its functions in relation
to its ETCs. At the request of the relevant ManJer Issuer, the Central Bank has notified the approval of the Base Prospectus in accordance
with the Prospectus Regulation to other EU listing authorities, including Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Italy,
Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Spain and Sweden, by providing them with certificates of approval attesting that the Base
Prospectus has been prepared in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. Each issuer may request the Central Bank to provide competent
authorities in other EEA Member States with such certificates for the purposes of making a public offer in such Member States and/or for
admission to trading of all or any securities on a regulated market. WisdomTree Issuer X Limited’s program for the issuance of WisdomTree
digital securities does not constitute a collective investment fund for the purpose of the Collective Investment Funds (Jersey) Law 1988
(as amended) as it satisfies the requirements of Article 2 of the Collective Investments Funds (Restriction of Scope) (Jersey) Order 2000.
A copy of WisdomTree Issuer X Limited’s prospectus has been delivered to the Registrar of Companies in Jersey in accordance with
Article 5 of the Companies (General Provisions) (Jersey) Order 2002, and the Registrar has consented to its circulation. The JFSC has
consented under Article 4 of the Control of Borrowing (Jersey) Order 1958 to the issue of the WisdomTree digital securities by WisdomTree
Issuer X Limited. The prospectus of WisdomTree Issuer X Limited is also recognized by the Swiss Prospectus Office. The ManJer Issuers are primarily subject to
the following legislation and regulatory requirements: · The Companies (Jersey) Law 1991. Each ManJer Issuer is incorporated as a public limited liability company under the
Companies (Jersey) Law 1991. Therefore, the ManJer Issuers are required to comply with various obligations under this law including, but
not limited to, convening general meetings, keeping proper books and records and filing financial statements. · The Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, or FATCA , a U.S. federal law that was passed as part of the Hiring Incentives
to Restore Employment (HIRE) Act, generally requires that foreign financial institutions and certain other non-financial foreign entities
report on the foreign assets held by their U.S. account holders or be subject to withholding on withholdable payments. The HIRE Act also
contained legislation requiring U.S. persons to report, depending on the value, their foreign financial accounts and foreign assets. ETCs
benefit from the so called “listing exemption” and Jersey local authorities have determined that for companies which can benefit
from such exemption the filing of a nil report is optional. 18 Table of Contents · The Common Reporting Standards, or CRS , were developed by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development
and is a global reporting standard for the automatic exchange of information. The ManJer Issuers need to conduct FATCA style due diligence
and annual local reporting in relation to financial accounts held directly and indirectly by residents of those jurisdictions with which
the Foreign Financial Institutions (FFIs) jurisdiction of residence has signed an Intergovernmental Agreement (IGA) to implement the CRS.
Unlike FATCA, there is no clear listing exemption available under the CRS so the ManJer Issuers are required to conduct full due diligence
to identify such accounts and report on them on an annual basis to their local tax authorities, at least in respect of the certificated
interests and primary market issuances. However, Jersey tax authorities have applied less onerous reporting obligations to interests such
as ETCs that are regularly traded on an established securities market and are held through CREST, the U.K. based central securities depository. · The Collective Investment Funds (Jersey) Law 1988. Each ManJer Issuer (other than WisdomTree Issuer X Limited) is a
collective investment fund and therefore required to comply with the obligations under the Collective Investment Funds (Jersey) Law 1988
and the Code of Practice for Certified Funds. · The Prospectus Regulation. The Base Prospectus of each ManJer Issuer has been drafted, and any offer of ETCs in any
EEA Member State that has implemented the Prospectus Regulation is made in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation and any relevant
implementing measure in such Member States. · Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 4 July 2012 on OTC derivatives, central counterparties
and trade repositories, known as the European Market Infrastructure Regulation (“EMIR”). EMIR, which became effective
on August 16, 2012, provides for certain over-the-counter, or OTC, derivative contracts to be submitted to central clearing and imposes
margin posting and other risk mitigation techniques, reporting and record keeping requirements. The clearing obligations under EMIR are
still under discussion, and currently there are no mandatory clearing obligations in relation to equity, FX or commodity derivatives.
The clearing obligation only applies to EU-based financial counterparties (defined as those authorized under MiFID, CRR, AIFMD, UCITS
or insurance regulations) or those non-financial entities that have a rolling three-month notional exposure above a certain amount (between
€1 and €3 billion, depending on asset class), which means that the ManJer Issuers are not directly subject to these obligations,
but could indirectly be subject to them by virtue of their interaction with EU-based financial counterparties. In terms of reporting obligations,
being non-EU entities, the ManJer Issuers are only indirectly subject to such obligations when they interact with their EU-based financial
counterparties. Each ManJer Issuer has adhered to the 2013 EMIR Portfolio Reconciliation, Dispute Resolution and Disclosure Protocol published
by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. · Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council on market abuse (the “Regulation”) and
Directive 2014/57/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on criminal sanctions for market abuse (the “Directive”
and, together with the Regulation, “MAD”). Obligations imposed on the relevant ManJer Issuer and distributor under
MAD, which became effective on July 3, 2016, include the requirement to publish inside information in a public and timely manner, to prepare
and maintain a list of insiders and to refrain from market manipulation. · Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial
instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU
and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (“BMR”). Supervised EU entities which issue financial instruments that reference a
benchmark are required to comply with applicable obligations as set out under the BMR. The BMR was published on June 30, 2016 and the
majority of the provisions became effective on January 1, 2018. The ManJer Issuers are non-EU entities and as a result, BMR application
is very limited, although in some circumstances a few residual obligations could be deemed to be applicable because the ETCs are marketed
across Europe. · Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 November 2014 on key information documents
for packaged retail and insurance-based investment products (“PRIIPS”). PRIIPs became effective on January 1, 2018
and applies to investment product manufacturers and distributors. Under PRIIPs, manufacturers need to provide a key information document
(KIDs) to investors. The intention of KIDs is to improve transparency for investors on the products and enhance investor protection. The
product manufacturer is responsible for drafting the KID and for its content. All ETCs are currently subject to PRIIPs and KIDs have been
produced since January 1, 2018. · MiFID II. MiFID II covers a wide range of areas that affect the relevant issuer and distributor, such as product governance,
a definition of complex products which captures all physical and synthetic ETCs and the production of a European MiFID template, or an
EMT, to facilitate the dissemination of relevant information to the markets and distributors in relation to each financial product. · Regulation (EU) 2015/2365 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 25 November 2015 on transparency of securities financing
transactions and of reuse and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012. (“SFTR”). Counterparties to securities financing
transactions must report the transaction to trade repositories. The SFTR introduces a reporting requirement for transactions, and a disclosure
requirement to investors with a requirement for prior consent. It also designates that financial instruments used for re-hypothecation
are transferred to an account in the name of the other counterparty. Since the ManJer Issuers are based in non-EU jurisdictions, obligations
are only indirectly applicable to them, but a certain level of interaction with EU counterparties is required to comply with some of these
requirements. 19 Table of Contents WisdomTree Issuer X Limited is also primarily
subject to the following legislation and regulatory requirements: · The Control of Borrowing (Jersey) Order 1958. WisdomTree Issuer X Limited is required to comply with the obligations
under the Control of Borrowing (Jersey) Order 1958 in respect of its issue of the WisdomTree digital securities. · The Companies (General Provisions) (Jersey) Order 2002. WisdomTree Issuer X Limited is required to comply with the obligations
under the Companies (General Provisions) (Jersey) Order 2002 in respect of its circulation of the WisdomTree digital securities prospectus. Irish-Domiciled Issuer of UCITS ETFs (Managed by WisdomTree
Management Limited) The investment management industry in Ireland
is subject to both Irish domestic law and EU law. The Central Bank of Ireland, or the Central Bank, is responsible for the authorization
and supervision of collective investment schemes, or CIS, in Ireland. CIS’s are also commonly known as funds/schemes. There are
two main categories of funds authorized by the Central Bank, Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities (UCITS)
and funds that are not UCITS known as alternative investment funds. ETFs form part of the Irish and European regulatory frameworks that
govern UCITS, with ETFs having been the subject of specific consideration at the European level which is then repeated and/or interpreted
by Irish regulators and the Central Bank in regulations and related guidance issued by the Central Bank. One of our subsidiaries, WisdomTree Management Limited, is an Ireland based
management company authorized in Ireland providing collective portfolio management services to WisdomTree Issuer ICAV, or WTICAV, and
WisdomTree UCITS ETFs. The WisdomTree UCITS ETFs, or Sub-Funds, are issued by WTICAV. WTICAV, a non-consolidated third party, is an Irish-collective-asset-management
vehicle, or ICAV, organized in Ireland and is authorized as a UCITS by the Central Bank. All UCITS have their basis in EU legislation
and once authorized in one EEA Member State, may be marketed throughout the EU, without further authorization. This is described as an
EU passport. WisdomTree Management Limited registered with the FCA as an Authorised Schedule 5 – operator of a temporary recognized
scheme, and under the Temporary Marketing Permissions Regime, the WisdomTree UCITS ETFs continue to be available to U.K. investors. In
accordance with the Financial Services Act 2021, the Temporary Marketing Permissions Regime is in the process of being replaced by the
U.K.’s Overseas Funds Regime (“OFR”), requiring all WisdomTree UCITS ETFs to be transitioned to the new OFR by the end
of 2026. WTICAV is established and operated as an ICAV
with segregated liability between its Sub-Funds. The Sub-Funds are segregated portfolios, each with their own investment objective and
policies and assets. Each Sub-Fund has a separate approval from the Central Bank, and each is structured as an ETF. Each Sub-Fund tracks
a different index. The index must comply with regulatory criteria that govern, among others, the eligibility and diversification of its
constituents, and the availability of information on the index such as the frequency of calculation of the index, the index’s transparency,
its methodology and frequency of calculation. Each Sub-Fund has shares admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange and, typically,
on various European stock exchanges, and accordingly, is subject to the listing requirements of those exchanges. WTICAV is primarily subject to the following
legislation and regulatory requirements: · European Communities (Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable
Securities, or UCITS) Regulations 2011 (as amended) (“UCITS Regulations”). The UCITS Regulations, which transpose Council Directive 2009/65/EC (the
“UCITS Directive”), Commission Directive 2010/43/EC and Commission Directive 2010/44/EC into Irish law, became effective on
July 1, 2011. UCITS established in Ireland are authorized under the UCITS Regulations. The UCITS Directive will be updated by AIFMD
2.0 (Directive (EU) 2024/927) to make changes to introduce the use of liquidity management tools by UCITS. These changes will be implemented
in Ireland by way of a set of UCITS Regulations to be adopted by April 16, 2026. · Central Bank (Supervision and Enforcement) Act 2013 (Section 48(1)) (Undertakings
for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities) Regulations 2019 and the Central Bank (Supervision and Enforcement) Act 2013 (Section
48(1)) (Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities) (Amendment) Regulations 2023 (“Central Bank UCITS Regulations”). The Central Bank UCITS Regulations were adopted in May 2019 and, together with the UCITS Regulations, any guidance produced by the Central
Bank, and the Central Bank forms, form the basis for all the requirements that the Central Bank imposes on UCITS, UCITS management companies
and depositaries of UCITS. · Central Bank (Individual Accountability Framework) Act 2023 (“IAF Act”). The IAF Act is comprised of three key elements: the Senior Executive Accountability
Regime (SEAR), the Conduct Standards and the enhancements to the Central Bank’s Fitness and Probity (F&P) Regime. The most relevant
elements from WTICAV’s perspective are the Conduct Standards and the updates to the F&P Regime. The Common Conduct Standards
apply to all persons carrying out Controlled Functions (CFs) in regulated firms. Additional Conduct Standards apply to Pre-Approval Controlled
Functions (PCFs) and any other person carrying out a role which exercises significant influence on a firm’s affairs. The Conduct
Standards outline the Central Bank’s expectations in terms of the conduct of individuals carrying out CF and PCF roles and have
applied since December 29, 2023. The Central Bank published its Guidance on the IAF Act in April 2024 and this includes guidelines on
the Conduct Standards. The enhancements to the F&P Regime include the requirement for firms to proactively certify that individuals
carrying out CF and PCF roles comply with the Central Bank’s standards of F&P. The Certification Regulations have applied since
January 8, 2024. The Central Bank published its final and consolidated Fitness and Probity Standards in November 2025. 20 Table of Contents · Central Bank Guidance. The Central Bank also has produced guidance that provides direction
on issues relating to the funds industry, certain of which set forth conditions not contained in the UCITS Regulations or the Central
Bank Regulations with which UCITS must conform. The Central Bank also publishes and regularly updates a “Q&A” document
on its website. The Q&A is not intended to be a tool to assess compliance with regulatory requirements but rather it sets out questions
and answers in relation to common UCITS-related queries. · The Irish Collective Asset-Management Vehicle Act 2015 (as amended) (“ICAV Act”). WTICAV
is registered as an ICAV under the ICAV Act. Therefore, WTICAV is required to comply with various obligations under the ICAV Act such
as, but not limited to, keeping proper books and records. The segregation of liability between Sub-funds means there cannot be, as a matter
of Irish law, cross-contamination of liability between Sub-funds. Therefore, the insolvency of one Sub-fund cannot affect another Sub-fund. · EMIR. EMIR provides for OTC derivative contracts to be submitted to central clearing and
imposes, inter alia, margin posting and other risk mitigation techniques, reporting and record keeping requirements. WTICAV uses OTC derivatives
instruments to hedge the currency risk of some of its sub-funds, which are subject to EMIR. WTICAV has adhered to the 2013 EMIR Portfolio
Reconciliation, Dispute Resolution and Disclosure Protocol published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. The
Central Bank has been designated as the competent authority for EMIR. · BMR. The BMR is directly applicable law across the EU and applies to certain
“administrators,” “contributors” and “users” of benchmarks with the aim of reducing the risk of benchmark
manipulation and promoting confidence in their integrity and that of the financial markets which they support. Since WTICAV issues financial
instruments that reference a benchmark, it will be required to comply with applicable obligations as set out under the BMR. In addition,
non-EU administrators of benchmarks are required to satisfy a number of requirements to enable the benchmarks they provide to be used
in the EU. To ensure investor protection, the BMR provides equivalence, recognition and endorsement conditions under which third country
benchmarks may be used by supervised entities in the EU. Since we control the provision of benchmarks, we are required to comply with
applicable obligations within the timeframes set out under the BMR. Regulation (EU) 2025/914 will apply with effect from January 1, 2026.
Fund management companies and corporate funds which use benchmarks that are considered “critical” or “significant”
under the new legislation, EU Paris-aligned benchmarks, EU Climate Transition benchmarks and certain commodity benchmarks will be in-scope. · Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 November 2014 on
key information documents for packaged retail and insurance-based investment products (“PRIIPS”). As above, WisdomTree’s
ETCs have been subject to PRIIPS since January 1, 2018. On January 1, 2023, PRIIPS also began to apply to UCITS. WTICAV has been producing
and publishing these KIDs for share classes of the Sub-funds of the ICAV since January 1, 2023. · Regulation on Disclosures (EU/2019/2088) (“SFDR”) and the EU Taxonomy Regulation (2020/852)
(“EU Taxonomy”). SFDR requires WisdomTree Management Limited, as a UCITS management company, to disclose in a consistent
and harmonized manner how environmental, social and governance, or ESG, factors are adopted in its decision-making process. SFDR also
requires certain pre-contractual and periodic disclosure requirements for in scope WTICAV Sub-funds, such as UCITS financial products.
Level 1 of SFDR requirements applied from March 1, 2021 and Level 2 of the SFDR requirements applied from January 1, 2023. The EU Taxonomy
Regulation amends the disclosure requirements in place under SFDR. The EU Taxonomy disclosures for the economically sustainable objectives
of climate change mitigation and climate change adaptation were applicable from January 1, 2022, while the requirement for disclosures
for the remaining objectives applied from January 1, 2023. The WTICAV Prospectus, as well as supplements and product pages of the WTICAV
Sub-funds in scope of SFDR and EU Taxonomy, have been updated to reflect the respective regulatory requirements. · SFDR 2.0. The European Commission published its proposal to revise the SFDR on November
20, 2025. It is expected that if the proposal is adopted, the legislation will take effect in late 2028 or 2029. The proposal seeks to
remove the current categorization regime and introduce new sustainability-related financial product labels. It is expected that the European
Commission will publish Level 2 measures for prospectus disclosures and periodic report disclosures for sustainability-related financial
products. · Regulation (EU) 2019/1156 on the cross-border distribution framework (“CBDF”). The CBDF amended the UCITS Directive to increase the harmonization of cross-border
marketing between both (a) the UCITS regime and (b) different practices adopted by EU member states and came into effect on August 2,
2021. The CBDF eliminated the need for WTICAV to have local paying agents within EU member states the Sub-funds passported into, but introduced
rules around marketing communications, pre-marketing notifications and the discontinuation of marketing. · Regulatory technical standards on settlement discipline (“CSDR”). CSDR introduced measures to prevent settlement
failures, with settlement failures resulting in penalty charges applied by the Central Securities Depositaries to failing parties. Since
most WTICAV sub-funds employ physical replication using equities and bonds, trades in these equities that take place within the EU come
into scope of CSDR. This regulation came into force on February 1, 2022. 21 Table of Contents Irish-Domiciled Issuer (Managed by WisdomTree Multi Asset Management
Limited) One of our subsidiaries, WisdomTree Multi Asset
Management Limited, is a Jersey based management company providing investment and other management services to WisdomTree Multi Asset
Issuer PLC, or WMAI, in respect of the ETPs issued by WMAI. WisdomTree Multi Asset Management Limited operates under the Schedule 2 businesses
(Schedule 2 of the Proceeds of Crime (Jersey) Law 1999), must adhere to Jersey AML/CFT/CPF regulations, and is supervised for compliance
by the JFSC. WMAI, a non-consolidated third party, is a public limited company incorporated in the laws of Ireland. It was established
as a special purpose vehicle for the purposes of issuing collateralized exchange-traded securities, or ETP Securities, under the Collateralized
ETP Securities Programme described in its Base Prospectus. WMAI is a ‘qualifying company’ within the meaning of section 110
of the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997 (as amended), of Ireland. WMAI is not authorized or regulated by the Central Bank by virtue of issuing
ETPs. The Central Bank, as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation,
has approved the Base Prospectus as meeting the requirements imposed under Irish and EU law pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. Such
approval relates only to ETP Securities which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purpose of MiFID II and/or which
are to be offered to the public in any EEA Member State. The Base Prospectus has also been approved by the FCA, acting as the competent
authority under the U.K. version of Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and the Council of June 14, 2017 on the form
and content of prospectuses, which repealed Directive 2003/71/EC and forms part of U.K. law pursuant to the U.K. Prospectus Regulation.
From January 2026, such approval will instead be granted in accordance with the Prospectus Rules: Admission to Trading on a Regulated
Market sourcebook, made under the FCA’s rule-making powers in the Public Offers and Admissions to Trading Regulations 2024. At the request of WMAI, the Central Bank has
notified the approval of the Base Prospectus in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation to the Commissione Nazionale per le Societá
e la Borsa (the Italian financial supervisory authority), the Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (the German Federal
Financial Supervisory Authority), the Financial Market Authority of Austria, the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the
financial regulator in Luxembourg), the Finanstilsynet (the Norwegian financial supervisory authority), the Autorité des Services
et Marchés Financiers (the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority), the Finanstilsynet (the Danish Financial Supervisory
Authority), the Finanssivalvonta (the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority), the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (the
French Authority for the Financial Markets), the Autoriteit Financiële Markten (the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets),
the Komisja Nadzoru Finansowego (the Polish Financial Supervisory Authority), the Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores (the
Securities Market Commission in Spain) and Finansinspektionen (the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority) by providing them, inter
alia , with certificates of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus has been prepared in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation.
WMAI may request the Central Bank to provide competent authorities in other EEA Member States with such certificates whether for the purposes
of making a public offer in such Member States or for admission to trading of all or any ETP Securities on a regulated market therein
or both. WMAI is primarily subject to the following legislation
and regulatory requirements: · The Companies Act. WMAI is incorporated as a public limited liability company under the Companies Act. Therefore, WMAI
is required to comply with various obligations under the Companies Act such as, but not limited to, convening general meetings, keeping
proper books and records and filing financial statements. · The Prospectus Regulation. The Base Prospectus has been drafted, and any offer of ETP Securities in any EEA Member State
that has implemented the Prospectus Regulation is made in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation and any relevant implementing measure
in such Member States. · EMIR. WMAI hedges its payment obligations in respect of the ETP Securities by entering into swap transactions with swap
providers, which are subject to EMIR. The Central Bank has been designated as the competent authority for EMIR and, to assess compliance
with EMIR, requests that WMAI submits annually an EMIR Regulatory Return. · BMR. Since WMAI issues financial instruments that reference a benchmark, it also will be required to comply with applicable
obligations within the timeframes set out under the BMR. · MAD. MAD has a direct effect in Ireland and strengthens the legal framework underpinning the function of detecting,
sanctioning and deterring market abuse. Broadly, MAD applies to any financial instrument admitted to, or for which a request for admission
has been made to, trading on a regulated market in at least one member state of the EU or in an EEA Member State. Obligations imposed
on WMAI under MAD include the requirement to publish inside information in a public and timely manner, to draw up and maintain a list
of insiders and to refrain from market manipulation. 22 Table of Contents · CSDR. As above, CSDR introduced measures to prevent settlement failures, with settlement failures resulting in penalty
charges applied by the Central Securities Depositaries to failing parties. Intellectual Property We regard our name, WisdomTree, as material
to our business. We have registered the WisdomTree name and logo design, Modern Alpha and the WisdomTree Prime name and logo design as
service marks with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. The WisdomTree name and logo design and Modern Alpha are also registered as service
marks in various foreign jurisdictions. Many of our index-based equity ETFs are based
on our own indexes and we do not license them from, nor do we pay licensing fees to, third parties for these indexes. We do, however,
license third-party indexes for certain of our fixed income, currency, equity and alternative ETFs. On March 6, 2012, the U.S. Patent and Trademark
Office issued to us our patent on Financial Instrument Selection and Weighting System and Method, which is embodied in our dividend weighted
equity indexes. We currently do not rely upon our patent for a competitive advantage. Available Information Company Website and Public Filings Our website is located at https://www.wisdomtree.com ,
and our investor relations website is located at https://ir.wisdomtree.com . We make available, free of charge through our investor
relations website, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K,
and amendments to those reports, filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon
as reasonably practicable after they have been electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. The SEC maintains a website that contains
reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding the Company at www.sec.gov . We webcast our earnings calls and certain events
we participate in or host with members of the investment community on our investor relations website. Additionally, we provide notifications
of news or announcements regarding our financial performance, SEC filings, investor events and press and earnings releases on our investor
relations website. Further corporate governance information, including board committee charters and our code of business conduct and ethics,
is also available on our investor relations website under the heading “Governance.” The contents of our websites are not incorporated
by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our websites
are intended to be inactive textual references only. ITEM 1A.

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials, and industry profitability. Government policies
and regulations may adversely affect the supply of, demand for, and prices of agricultural products. In addition, international trade
disputes can adversely affect agricultural commodity trade flows by limiting or disrupting trade between countries or regions. Significant
changes to or the elimination of programs and policies could adversely affect crop prices and the profitability of farming operations,
including farms owned by Ceres Farms, and adversely affect its business, results of operations and financial condition. On July 4, 2025, the One Big Beautiful Bill
Act (“OBBBA”) was signed into law, enacting changes to U.S. agricultural policy, including updates to commodity support programs,
crop insurance and trade promotion funding. The legislation poses risks to Ceres’ business. The OBBBA raises statutory reference
prices for major commodities, including corn and soybeans, with further annual escalations beginning in 2031. These changes may incentivize
increased domestic production, potentially leading to oversupply and downward pressure on market prices, particularly if global demand
does not rise proportionately. The OBBBA allocates $2.2 billion toward agricultural trade promotion, which may be deemed a subsidy by
international trading partners, potentially triggering retaliatory measures or disputes under World Trade Organization (WTO) rules and
restricting market access for U.S. corn and soybean exports. Delays or inconsistencies by federal agencies in administering new reference
prices, crop insurance enhancements, or trade programs could create uncertainty for the agricultural industry. In addition, certain tax
provisions of the OBBBA may adversely impact Ceres Farms’ tenant farmers who own small farms. Federal, state and county governments have implemented
laws and regulations in connection with farming operations, including those relating to taxes, trade, environmental, labor, immigration
and food safety, among others. For example, labor and immigration regulations seek to provide for minimum wages and minimum and maximum
work hours, as well as to restrict the hiring of illegal immigrants. If one of Ceres Farms’ tenants is accused of violating, or
found to have violated such regulations, it could have a material adverse effect on the tenant’s operating results, which could
adversely affect its ability to make its rental payments to Ceres Farms. Increased enforcement of federal immigration policy could adversely
affect the overall farming labor market, which could result in upward pressure on wages for farm labor and adversely affect Ceres Farms’
tenants’ profitability and ability to pay rent. In addition, certain states, including Iowa, Minnesota, Wisconsin, Missouri and
Kansas, in which a substantial amount of primary crop farmland is located, have laws that prohibit or restrict to varying degrees the
ownership of agricultural land by corporations or business entities similar to Ceres Farms. Additional states may, in the future, pass
similar or more restrictive laws, and Ceres Farms may not be legally permitted, or it may become overly burdensome or expensive, to acquire
farms in these states, which could impede the growth of Ceres Farm’s portfolio and its ability to diversify geographically in states
that might otherwise offer compelling investment opportunities. 37 Table of Contents Potential liability for environmental
matters could materially and adversely affect Ceres’ business, results of operations and financial condition. Ceres is subject to the risk of liabilities under federal, state and local
environmental laws applicable to agricultural properties, including those related to wetlands, groundwater and water runoff. Some of these
laws could subject Ceres to responsibility and liability for: the cost of removal or remediation of hazardous substances released on its
properties, generally without regard to Ceres’ knowledge of or responsibility for the presence of the contaminants; the costs of
investigation, removal or remediation of hazardous substances or chemical releases at disposal facilities for persons who arrange for
the disposal or treatment of these substances; and claims by third parties for damages resulting from environmental contaminants. Ceres’
costs of investigation, remediation or removal of hazardous substances may be substantial. In addition, the presence of hazardous substances
on one of Ceres Farms’ properties, or the failure to properly remediate a contaminated property, could adversely affect Ceres Farms’
ability to sell or lease the property or to borrow using the property as collateral. Ceres may be subject to common law claims by third
parties based on damages and costs resulting from environmental contamination emanating from a property. Additionally, Ceres could become
subject to new, stricter environmental regulations, which could diminish the utility of Ceres Farms’ properties and have a material
adverse impact on its business, results of operations and financial condition. The potential of finding endangered species on or near
Ceres Farms’ properties could restrict certain activities on its properties under federal, state and local laws and regulations
intended to protect threatened or endangered species. The failure of Ceres Farmland, LLC to maintain qualification
as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes would subject it to U.S. federal income tax on taxable income at regular corporate rates,
which could adversely impact its business, results of operations and financial condition. Ceres Farmland, LLC, a subsidiary of Ceres Farmland Holdings, LP, has elected
to be taxed as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Ceres Farmland Holdings, LP is a feeder fund that invests its capital in the
REIT, which then invests its capital exclusively in Ceres Farms. To maintain qualification as a REIT, Ceres Farmland, LLC must meet various
requirements set forth in the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”) concerning, among other things, the ownership
of its outstanding interests, the nature of its assets, the sources of its income and the amount of its distributions. There can be no
assurance that Ceres Farmland, LLC will remain qualified as a REIT. We believe that the current organization and method of operation will
enable Ceres Farmland, LLC to continue to qualify as a REIT. However, at any time, new laws, interpretations or court decisions may change
the U.S. federal tax laws relating to, or the U.S. federal income tax consequences of, qualification as a REIT. Ceres Farmland, LLC’s
General Partner may at any time, in its sole discretion, determine that it is no longer in Ceres Farmland, LLC’s best interest to
qualify as a REIT. Failure of Ceres Farmland, LLC in any taxable year to qualify as a REIT will, among other things, subject Ceres Farmland,
LLC’s taxable income to tax at regular corporate rates and distributions to members of Ceres Farmland, LLC in any non-qualifying
years will not be deductible by Ceres Farmland, LLC. If Ceres Farmland, LLC’s status as a REIT is terminated or revoked, it may
not be eligible to elect REIT status again prior to the fifth taxable year following the year in which it fails to qualify under the Code
as a REIT unless certain relief provisions apply. The requirements for qualification as a REIT are extremely complex, and Ceres Farmland,
LLC’s compliance with such requirements may depend on factors that are outside of its control or upon the resolution of legal issues
for which guidance is lacking. Losing its REIT status would reduce its net earnings available for investment or distribution because of
the additional tax liability, which could substantially reduce its ability to pay performance fees to Ceres. Even if Ceres Farmland, LLC
qualifies as a REIT, it may be subject to federal income tax in certain circumstances. In addition, any taxable REIT subsidiary of Ceres
Farmland, LLC will be subject to federal, state and local income taxes at the applicable corporate rates. To remain qualified as a REIT
and to avoid the payment of U.S. federal income and excise taxes, Ceres Farmland, LLC may be forced to borrow funds, use proceeds from
the issuance of securities, pay taxable dividends of stock or debt securities or sell assets to make distributions, which may result in
Ceres Farmland, LLC distributing amounts that may otherwise be used for operations. Ceres may not be successful in pursuing new business opportunities,
including in solar, AI data infrastructure and water rights, which could adversely affect its financial performance and strategic objectives. Ceres continues to evaluate opportunities to grow its business, including
through the acquisition and leasing of properties for solar energy generation and artificial intelligence (AI) data infrastructure, and
the monetization of water rights. While Ceres Farms currently leases certain properties for solar energy use or development and may expand
such arrangements, there can be no assurance that it will be able to identify, negotiate or execute additional opportunities on favorable
terms or at all. Ceres’ efforts to pursue strategic adjacencies or enter new markets may be hindered by a variety of factors, including
regulatory or permitting challenges, lack of demand, competition, technological or infrastructure constraints or insufficient capital
investment. There can be no assurance that Ceres’ initiatives to explore new business opportunities, enter new markets or make investments
or acquisitions will benefit our or its business operations, generate sufficient revenues to offset related costs, or produce the anticipated
benefits of past or future investments. 38 Table of Contents Other Company Risks Responding to actions of activist stockholders against us has
been costly and the possibility that activist stockholders may wage proxy contests or contested solicitations or seek representation on
our Board of Directors in the future may be disruptive and cause uncertainty about the strategic direction of our business. Activist stockholders may from time to time
attempt to effect changes in our strategic direction, and in furtherance thereof, may seek changes in how the Company is governed. Our
Board of Directors and management strive to maintain constructive, ongoing communications with our stockholders and welcome their views
and opinions with the goal of enhancing value for all stockholders. However, an activist campaign that seeks to replace or remove members
of our Board of Directors or changes in our strategic direction could have an adverse effect on us because: · responding to actions by activist stockholders is costly and may be disruptive, time-consuming and divert the attention of our
Board of Directors and senior management from the pursuit of business strategies, which could adversely affect our results of operations
and financial condition; · perceived uncertainties about our future direction as a result of changes to the composition of our Board of Directors, or senior
management team, including our Chief Executive Officer, or changes to our stockholder base may lead to the perception of a change
in the direction of the business, instability or lack of continuity, which may be exploited by our competitors, may result in the loss
of potential business opportunities and may make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel and business partners; · these types of actions could cause significant fluctuations in our stock price based on temporary or speculative market perceptions
or other factors that do not necessarily reflect the underlying fundamentals and prospects of our business; and · if individuals are elected to our Board of Directors with a specific agenda, it may adversely affect our ability to effectively implement
our business strategy and to create additional value for our stockholders. A change of control of our Company would automatically terminate
our investment management agreements relating to the WisdomTree U.S. listed ETFs and Digital Funds, unless the Board of Trustees of the
WisdomTree Trust, WisdomTree Digital Trust and shareholders of each voted to continue the agreements. A change in control could occur
if a third party were to acquire a controlling interest in our Company. Under the Investment Company Act, an investment
management agreement with a fund must provide for its automatic termination in the event of its assignment. The fund’s board must
vote to continue such an agreement following any such assignment and the shareholders of the WisdomTree Trust and WisdomTree Digital Trust
must approve the assignment. The cost of obtaining such shareholder approval can be significant and ordinarily would be borne by us. Similarly,
under the Investment Advisers Act, a client’s investment management agreement may not be “assigned” by the investment
adviser without the client’s consent. An investment management agreement is considered
under both acts to be assigned to another party when a controlling block of the adviser’s securities is transferred. Under both
acts, there is a presumption that a stockholder beneficially owning 25% or more of an adviser’s voting stock controls the adviser
and conversely a stockholder beneficially owning less than 25% is presumed not to control the adviser. In our case, an assignment of our
investment management agreements may occur if a third party were to acquire a controlling interest in our Company. We cannot be certain
that the Trustees of the WisdomTree Trust and WisdomTree Digital Trust would consent to assignments of our investment management agreements
or approve new agreements with us if a change of control occurs. And even if such approval were obtained, approval from the shareholders
of the WisdomTree Trust and WisdomTree Digital Trust would be required to be obtained; such approval could not be guaranteed and even
if obtained, likely would result in significant expense. This restriction may discourage potential purchasers from acquiring a controlling
interest in our Company. Our revenues could be adversely affected if the Independent
Trustees of the WisdomTree Trust or WisdomTree Digital Trust, as applicable, do not approve the continuation of our advisory agreements
or determine that the advisory fees we receive from the WisdomTree U.S. listed ETFs or Digital Funds should be reduced. Our revenues are derived primarily from investment
advisory agreements with related parties. Our advisory agreements with the WisdomTree Trust and WisdomTree Digital Trust, and the fees
we collect from the WisdomTree U.S. listed ETFs and Digital Funds are subject to review and approval by the Independent Trustees of the
WisdomTree Trust and WisdomTree Digital Trust, as applicable. The advisory agreements are subject to initial review and approval. After
the initial two-year term of the agreement for each ETF or Digital Fund, the continuation of such agreement must be reviewed and approved
at least annually by a majority of the Independent Trustees. In determining whether to approve the agreements, the Independent Trustees
consider factors such as the nature and quality of the services provided by us, the fees charged by us and the costs and profits realized
by us in connection with such services, as well as any ancillary or “fall-out” benefits from such services, the extent to
which economies of scale are shared with the WisdomTree U.S. listed ETFs or Digital Funds, and the level of fees paid by other similar
funds. Our revenues would be adversely affected if the Independent Trustees do not approve the continuation of our advisory agreements
or determines that the advisory fees we charge to any particular fund are too high, resulting in a reduction of our fees. 39 Table of Contents Damage to our reputation could adversely affect our business. We believe we have developed a strong brand
and a reputation for innovative, thoughtful products, favorable long-term investment performance and excellent client services. The WisdomTree
name and brand is a valuable asset and any damage to it could hamper our ability to maintain and grow our AUM and attract and retain employees,
thereby having a material adverse effect on our revenues. Risks to our reputation may range from regulatory issues to unsubstantiated
accusations. Managing such matters may be expensive, time-consuming and difficult. Risks Relating to our Common Stock and Convertible Notes The market price of our common stock has been fluctuating significantly
and may continue to do so, and you could lose all or part of your investment. The market price of our common stock has been
fluctuating significantly and may continue to do so, depending upon many factors, some of which may be beyond our control, including: · decreases in our AUM; · variations in our quarterly operating results; · differences between our actual financial operating results and those expected by investors and analysts; · publication of research reports about us or the investment management industry; · changes in expectations concerning our future financial performance and the future performance of the ETP industry and the asset management
industry in general, including financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts; · our strategic moves and those of our competitors, such as acquisitions or consolidations; · changes in the regulatory framework of the ETP industry and the asset management industry in general and regulatory action, including
action by the SEC to lessen the regulatory requirements or shorten the process under the Investment Company Act to become an ETP sponsor; · the level of demand for our stock, including the amount of short interest in our stock; · changes in general economic or market conditions; and · realization of any other of the risks described elsewhere in this section. In addition, stock markets in general have experienced
volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of a particular company. These broad market fluctuations may adversely
affect the trading price of our common stock. Furthermore, in the past, market fluctuations and price declines in a company’s stock
have led to securities class action litigations or other derivative stockholder lawsuits. If such a suit were to arise, it could cause
substantial costs to us and divert our resources regardless of the outcome. If equity research analysts issue unfavorable commentary or
downgrade our common stock, the price of our common stock could decline. The trading market for our common stock relies
in part on the research and reports that equity research analysts publish about us and our business. We do not control the opinions of
these analysts. The price and trading volume of our common stock could decline if one or more equity analysts issue unfavorable commentary
or downgrade our common stock or cease publishing reports about us or our business. We may not have the ability to raise the funds necessary to
settle conversions of the Convertible Notes, repurchase the Convertible Notes upon a fundamental change, or refinance our Convertible
Notes upon maturity. We currently have
outstanding $150.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 3.25% Convertible Senior Notes due 2026, $345.0 million in aggregate principal
amount of 3.25% Convertible Senior Notes due 2029 and $475.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 4.625% Convertible Senior Notes
due 2030, which we collectively refer to as the Convertible Notes. Holders of the Convertible Notes have the right to require us
to repurchase their notes upon the occurrence of certain change of control transactions or liquidation, dissolution or common stock delisting
events (each, a “fundamental change”), at a repurchase price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the notes to be repurchased,
plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, as described in the respective indentures between us and the trustee. In addition, upon conversion
of the Convertible Notes, we will be required to make cash payments in respect of the notes being converted as described in the indentures.
However, we may not have enough available cash or be able to obtain financing at the time we are required to make repurchases of notes
surrendered therefor or notes being converted. In addition, our ability to repurchase the notes or to pay cash upon conversions of the
notes may be limited by law, regulatory authority or agreements governing our future indebtedness. Our failure to refinance our convertible
notes upon maturity, repurchase notes at a time when the repurchase is required by the applicable indenture or to pay any cash payable
on future conversions of the notes as required by the applicable indenture would constitute a default under such indenture. 40 Table of Contents The conditional conversion feature of the Convertible Notes,
if triggered, may adversely affect our financial condition and liquidity. The conditional
conversion feature of the Convertible Notes, if triggered, will entitle holders to convert the notes at any time during specified periods at their option, as described in the indentures. If one or more holders elect to convert their notes,
we would be required to settle any converted principal through the payment of cash, which could adversely affect our liquidity. Future issuances of our common stock or equity-linked securities
could lower our stock price and dilute the interests of existing stockholders. We may issue additional shares of our common
stock or equity-linked securities in the future, either in connection with an acquisition or for other business reasons. The issuance
of a substantial amount of common stock or equity-linked securities could have the effect of substantially diluting the interests of our
current stockholders. In addition, the sale of a substantial amount of common stock or equity-linked securities in the public market,
either in the initial issuance or in a subsequent resale by the target company in an acquisition which received such common stock as consideration
or by investors who acquired such common stock in a private placement, could have a material adverse effect on the market price of our
common stock. Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and by-laws
may prevent or delay an acquisition of our Company, which could decrease the market value of our common stock. Provisions of Delaware law, our certificate
of incorporation and our by-laws may discourage, delay or prevent a merger, acquisition or other change in control that stockholders may
consider favorable. These provisions may also prevent or delay attempts by stockholders to replace or remove our current management or
members of our Board of Directors. These provisions include: · limitations on the removal of directors; · advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and nominations; · the inability of stockholders to act by written consent or to call special meetings; · the ability of our Board of Directors to make, alter or repeal our by-laws; and · the authority of our Board of Directors to issue preferred stock with such terms as our Board of Directors may determine. In addition, we are subject to the provisions
of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which limits business combination transactions with stockholders of 15% or more
of our outstanding voting stock that our Board of Directors has not approved. These provisions and other similar provisions make it more
difficult for stockholders or potential acquirers to acquire us without negotiation. These provisions may apply even if some stockholders
may consider the transaction beneficial to them. As a result, these provisions could limit the
price that investors are willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock. These provisions might also discourage a potential
acquisition proposal or tender offer, even if the acquisition proposal or tender offer is at a premium over the then current market price
for our common stock. The payment of dividends to our stockholders and our ability
to repurchase our common stock is subject to the discretion of our Board of Directors and may be limited by our financial condition and
any applicable laws. Any determination as to the payment of dividends
or stock repurchases, as well as the level of such dividends or repurchases, will depend on, among other things, general economic and
business conditions, our level of AUM, our strategic plans, our financial results and condition, limitations associated with new credit
facilities or other agreements that could limit the amount of dividends we are permitted to pay or the stock we may repurchase, and any
applicable laws, including the Inflation Reduction Act, which includes an excise tax that would impose a 1% surcharge on stock repurchases.
If, as a consequence of these various limitations and restrictions, we are unable to generate sufficient income from our business, we
may need to reduce or eliminate the payment of dividends on our common stock or cease repurchasing our common stock. Any change in our
stock repurchases or the level of our dividends or the suspension of the payment thereof could adversely affect our stock price. In addition, our Board of Directors is authorized,
without stockholder approval, to issue preferred stock with such terms as our Board of Directors may, in its discretion, determine. Our
Board of Directors could, therefore, issue preferred stock with dividend rights superior to that of the common stock, which could also
limit the payment of dividends on the common stock. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS We have no unresolved comments from the SEC
staff relating to our periodic or current reports filed with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act. 41 Table of Contents ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy Under the oversight of our Board of Directors, we have implemented and maintain cybersecurity risk management policies and procedures that include processes for the identification, assessment and treatment through mitigation, transfer, avoidance and/or acceptance of cybersecurity risks. Our cybersecurity risk management policies and procedures are informed by industry standards, and they are designed to address cybersecurity risks identified by external auditors and assessors, threat intelligence providers, internal stakeholders, vulnerability management programs and security management programs. Our team of information technology and cybersecurity professionals, led by our Chief Information Officer, or CIO, manages and maintains remediation strategies for identified cybersecurity risks and regularly reports on such risks to senior management, including our Governance Committee as described below. Our cybersecurity risk management program is designed to be aligned with our business strategy. It shares common methodologies, reporting channels and governance processes that apply to other areas of enterprise risk, including legal, compliance, strategic, operational and financial risk. Key elements of our cybersecurity risk management program include: · periodic risk assessments designed to help identify cybersecurity risks to our critical systems, information, products, services and our broader enterprise information technology environment; · a security and infrastructure team principally responsible for managing our cybersecurity risk assessment processes, our security controls and our response to cybersecurity incidents; · the use of external service providers, where appropriate, to assess, test or otherwise assist with aspects of our security controls; · employee training and awareness programs that include periodic and ongoing assessments in an effort to drive adoption and awareness of cybersecurity processes and controls; · a cybersecurity incident response plan that includes procedures for responding to cybersecurity incidents; and · processes to evaluate cybersecurity risks posed by critical third-party vendors, including through the use of security questionnaires. Additionally, as a public company, we are subject to Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX) requirements and must undergo independent audits of Information Technology General Controls (ITGC) in support of Internal Control over Financial Reporting (ICFR). These audits assess key information security and cybersecurity risks in the environment that may affect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of financial reporting systems and data. If any control deficiencies that represent material cybersecurity risks were identified, those would be reported to the Audit Committee, and the results of these evaluations would be considered in the overall audit opinion for the Company. Governance Related to Cybersecurity Risks Our cybersecurity risk management program and related operations and processes are directed by our CIO. Currently, the CIO role is held by an individual who has been in the role for over ten years, has over 24 years of cybersecurity, information technology and systems engineering experience, and has advanced training in the field of technology. The CIO is a member of our Governance Committee and regularly reports on cybersecurity risk management to other members of the Governance Committee comprised of the Company’s senior executive officers. The Governance Committee oversees the prioritization and escalation of risks from cybersecurity threats and is responsible for strategy, operations, financial management, information technology, compliance, legal, administration and corporate governance. The members of the Governance Committee collectively possess experience in these areas, including cybersecurity and risk management. The Audit Committee oversees our management of cybersecurity risks. Pursuant to the Audit Committee charter, the Audit Committee is responsible for discussing cybersecurity-related risks with management and the steps management has taken to monitor and control such risks, including our risk assessment and risk management policies. The CIO regularly reports to the Audit Committee on our cybersecurity risks, and the chair of the Audit Committee reports on these discussions with the full Board of Directors. In addition, the CIO provides periodic reports to our Board of Directors. While we have not , as of the date of this Report, experienced a cybersecurity incident that materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect our Company, including our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition, there can be no guarantee that we will not experience such an incident in the future. For information regarding cybersecurity risks that may materially affect our Company, see “

