TICKER: WULF
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain disruption (including local labor availability), the implementation of new tariffs and more restrictive trade regulations and changes in in-house specialized expertise to manage the business. A failure to successfully implement our HPC business strategy may adversely affect our business, prospects, or operations. If we are unable to complete our data center campuses and future strategic growth initiatives in a timely manner or within anticipated cost estimates, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. Our business depends upon the completion and build-out of our HPC and AI-focused data center campuses (including the Lake Mariner Data Campus and the Abernathy HPC Campus) and other future strategic growth initiatives. Until we complete construction of the facilities required by our customer leases and hosting agreements, we will not realize the full amount of projected revenue from those leases. While our present expansion projects are proceeding on track with our expectations, we cannot guarantee we will complete these expansions or future strategic growth initiatives on time or within our anticipated cost estimates, if at all, due in part to ongoing challenges to the global supply chain, the implementation of new tariffs and more restrictive trade policies, increased inflation, and changing conditions within the United States labor market. The expansion and build-out of our data center campuses expose us to significant construction risks, including risks related to construction delays; lack of availability of parts and/or labor; increased prices; labor disputes and work stoppages; unanticipated environmental issues and geological problems; delays related to permitting and approvals from public agencies and utility companies; and delays in site readiness leading to our failure to meet commitments. Construction-related projects depend on the skill, experience, and performance of designers, contractors, subcontractors and key suppliers. Should any such party experience financial difficulties or other problems, we could experience significant delays, increased costs and other negative impacts to our expected returns. Delays in lease commencement, limitations in customer backstop arrangements and the potential insufficiency of completion guarantees could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Under certain circumstances, lessees may have the right to terminate applicable leases if there are significant delays in construction, subject to extension for force majeure events. We and certain affiliated entities have agreed to provide subsidiaries with funds necessary to achieve target commencement dates under applicable customer leases; however, these completion guarantees may not be sufficient. If we are unable to complete projects within anticipated cost 10 Table of Contents estimates, we may not have sufficient funds to provide necessary support. The failure to complete projects in a timely manner could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Customer backstop arrangements of obligations under certain leases (for example, Google’s Backstop of Fluidstack’s obligations under the applicable Fluidstack Leases) are only effective following the commencement of the relevant lease. If one or more leases do not commence as of their respective targeted commencement dates, then the corresponding backstop may not become effective until completion of the applicable project. If completion of a data center campus is delayed beyond specified thresholds, the customer may have the right to terminate the applicable lease. Such termination event would not trigger the backstop. In addition, backstop arrangements are only triggered upon a payment or insolvency event of default under the applicable lease. There are other events of default or termination events that may result in the termination of a lease without triggering the applicable backstop. In addition, if we have a disagreement about whether a backstop has been triggered, there can be no assurance that such backstop will be honored in a timely manner or at all. We may be harmed by increased costs to procure power, prolonged power and internet outages, shortages or capacity constraints as well as insufficient access to power. Our bitcoin mining and HPC data center operations require a significant amount of electrical power and access to high-speed internet to be successful. Any power and internet outages, shortages, capacity constraints or significant increases in the cost of power may have an adverse effect on our business and our results of operations, including our mining and data center operations. We rely on third parties, third party infrastructure, governments, and global supplies to provide a sufficient amount of power to maintain our bitcoin mining and HPC data center operations to meet the needs of our current and future HPC hosting and colocation customers. Any limitation on the delivered energy supply could limit our ability to operate our bitcoin mining and HPC data centers. These limitations could have a negative impact on our existing data center campuses or limit our ability to grow our business, which could negatively affect our financial performance and results of operations. Each new HPC data center requires access to significant quantities of electricity. Limitations on generation, transmission and distribution may limit our ability to obtain sufficient power capacity for potential expansion sites or existing markets. Utility companies may impose onerous operating conditions to any approval or provision of power or we may experience significant delays and substantial increased costs to provide the level of electrical service required by our current or future data center designs. Our ability to successfully develop projects is impacted by the availability of, and access to, interconnection facilities and transmission systems. In recent years, the time and costs required to secure and expand interconnection facilities and transmissions systems have increased, complicating project planning and creating additional contractual and financial risk for projects under construction. We may face difficulties in expanding our interconnection facilities and access to transmissions systems in a timely manner and at a reasonable cost as well as curtailment resulting from transmission facility downtime, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and cash flow. Since the development, construction and operation of the Abernathy HPC Campus is subject to the terms of a joint venture agreement, TeraWulf may have less control over strategic decisions. On October 27, 2025, the TeraWulf Member entered into the Abernathy Joint Venture Agreement with the Fluidstack Member. The Abernathy Joint Venture Agreement provides that, except for certain specified matters, decisions are to be made by a majority vote of the board of managers. The board of managers will initially comprise three designees of TeraWulf and two designees of the Fluidstack Member. Any significant disagreements between joint venture partners on strategic decisions or the inability of the Fluidstack Member to meet obligations to the Abernathy Joint Venture or third parties may impede TeraWulf’s ability to control aspects of the development, construction, and operation of the Abernathy HPC Campus. We depend on significant customers for our HPC data centers. Many factors, including global economic conditions, may cause our HPC data center customers to experience a downturn in their businesses or otherwise experience a lack of liquidity, which may weaken their financial condition and impact our estimates as to the probability of collectability of payments, and ultimately result in their failure to make timely rental and other payments or their default under their agreements with us. Further, the development of new technologies, the adoption of new industry standards or other factors could render our HPC data center customers’ current products and 11 Table of Contents services obsolete or unmarketable and contribute to a downturn in their businesses, thereby increasing the likelihood that they default under their leases, become insolvent or file for bankruptcy. If a customer defaults or fails to make timely rent or other payments, we may experience delays in enforcing our rights as landlord and may incur substantial costs in protecting our investment, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. If a customer becomes a debtor in a case under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, we cannot evict the customer solely because of the bankruptcy. In addition, the bankruptcy court might authorize the customer to reject and terminate its contracts with us. Our claim against the customer for unpaid, future rent and other payments would be subject to a statutory cap that might be substantially less than the remaining amounts actually owed under their agreements with us. In either case, our claim for unpaid rent and other amounts would likely not be paid in full. Our revenue could be materially adversely affected if a significant customer were to become bankrupt or insolvent, suffer a downturn in its businesses, fail to renew its contract or renew on terms less favorable to us than its current terms. Our contracts with HPC data center customers could subject us to significant liability. In the ordinary course of business, we aim to continuously enter into agreements with customers pursuant to which we provide data center space, power, environmental controls, physical security and connectivity products to our HPC hosting and colocation customers. These contracts typically contain indemnification and liability provisions, in addition to service level commitments, which could potentially impose a significant cost on us in the event of losses arising out of certain breaches of such agreements, services to be provided by us or our subcontractors or from third-party claims. HPC data center customers increasingly are looking to pass through their regulatory obligations and other liabilities to their outsourced data center providers and we may not be able to limit our liability or damages in an event of loss suffered by such customers whether as a result of our breach of an agreement or otherwise. If such an event of loss occurred, we could be liable for material monetary damages and could incur significant legal fees in defending against such an action, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. We may also develop space specifically for HPC data center customers pursuant to agreements signed prior to beginning or early in the development process. In those cases, if we fail to meet our development obligations under those agreements, these customers may be able to terminate their agreements and we would be required to find a new customer for this space. In addition, in certain circumstances we may lease HPC data center facilities prior to their completion. If we fail to complete the facilities in a timely manner, the customer may be entitled to terminate its agreement, seek damages or penalties against us or pursue other remedies and we may be required to find a new customer for the space. If we are not able to complete an HPC data center in a timely manner, if development costs are higher than we currently estimate, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flow could be materially adversely affected. Additionally, a customer’s decision to lease space and power in our HPC data center typically involves a significant commitment of resources and due diligence on the part of our customers regarding the adequacy of our facilities. As a result, we may expend significant time and resources in pursuing a particular transaction that may not result in revenue. Economic conditions, including market downturns and the implementation of new tariffs and more restrictive trade regulations may impact customers’ ability to plan future business activities, which could cause customers to slow spending or delay decision-making. Our inability to adequately manage the risks associated with these developments may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Certain of our agreements with HPC data center customers may include restrictions on providing HPC hosting and colocation services to certain third parties, which could have a material adverse effect on us. Certain of our customer agreements may prohibit us from providing HPC hosting and colocation services to certain third parties, including competitors of existing HPC data center customers. The existence of such restrictions could hinder our ability to enter into agreements with additional HPC data center customers, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may be unable to access sufficient additional capital for future strategic growth initiatives, and any such capital raises may be dilutive or subject to restrictive terms. The expansion of our digital infrastructure to support HPC hosting and colocation and our future strategic growth initiatives are capital-intensive. We expect to raise additional capital to fund these initiatives; however, we may be unable to do so in a timely manner, in sufficient quantities, or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. If we raise additional equity financing, our stockholders may experience dilution of their ownership interests, and the per share value of our common stock could decline. 12 Table of Contents If we engage in debt financing, the holders of any debt we issue would likely have priority over the holders of shares of our common stock in terms of order of payment preference and may require us to accept restrictive covenants. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flows from operations to support our strategic growth, we may be required to reduce or delay investments, sell assets, or obtain financing on terms that may be onerous or highly dilutive. Failure to successfully integrate acquired businesses could negatively impact our balance sheet and results of operations. Strategic acquisitions and/or combinations are a component of our growth strategy and the success of any acquisition we make depends in part on our ability to integrate the acquired business and realize anticipated synergies. Integrating acquired businesses may involve unforeseen difficulties, may require a disproportionate amount of our management’s attention, and may require us to reallocate our resources, financial or otherwise. For example, we may encounter challenges in the integration process such as: difficulties associated with managing the resulting larger and more complex company; conforming administrative and corporate structures and standards, controls, procedures and policies, business cultures, hiring and retention of key employees, and compensation and benefits structures, coordinating geographically dispersed operations; and our ability to deliver on our strategy going forward. Further, our acquisitions may subject us to new liabilities and risks, some of which may be unknown. Although we and our advisors conduct due diligence on the operations of businesses we consider acquiring, there can be no guarantee that we are aware of all the liabilities of an acquired company. These liabilities, and any additional risks and uncertainties related to an acquired company not known to us or that we may deem immaterial or unlikely to occur at the time of the acquisition, could negatively impact our future business, financial condition, and results of operations. We can give no assurance that we will ultimately be able to effectively integrate and manage the operations of any acquired business or realize anticipated synergies. The failure to successfully integrate the cultures, operating systems, procedures and information technologies of an acquired business could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. We may experience increased compliance costs as a result of our strategic acquisitions. Future strategic acquisitions could carry substantial compliance burdens, which may limit our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions, and which may require our management and personnel to shift their focus to such compliance burdens and away from their other functions. Such increased costs and compliance burdens could affect our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of such strategic acquisitions, and our business, results of operations, and financial condition may suffer as a result. The development and advancement in the efficiency of AI models presents risks and challenges that may adversely impact our business and operating results. The introduction of, and advancement in the efficiency of AI models could potentially adversely affect data center usage by significantly reducing the computational power needed to train AI models, potentially leading to less demand for high-power density, liquid-cooled data center infrastructure and colocation facilities. New advancements in AI models could also alter the way data centers are currently designed and utilized and may adversely affect our business and results of operations. Cyber-attacks, data breaches or malware may disrupt our operations and trigger significant liability for us, which could harm our operating results and financial condition, and damage our reputation or otherwise materially harm our business. As a publicly traded company, at times we experience cyber-attacks, such as phishing, and other attempts to gain unauthorized access to our systems, and we anticipate continuing to be subject to such attempts. There is an ongoing risk that some or all of our bitcoin or customer or Company data could be lost or stolen as a result of one or more of these incursions. As we increase in size, we may become a more appealing target of hackers, malware, cyber-attacks or other security threats, and, despite our implementation of strict security measures, it is impossible to eliminate all such vulnerability. For instance, we may not be able to ensure the adequacy of the security measures employed by third parties, such as our service providers. Additionally, though we provide cybersecurity training for all employees, we cannot guarantee that we will not be affected by further phishing attempts. Efforts to limit the ability of malicious actors to disrupt the operations of the internet or undermine our own security efforts may be costly to implement and may not be successful. 13 Table of Contents Such breaches, whether attributable to a vulnerability in our systems or otherwise, could result in claims of liability against us, damage our reputation and materially harm our business. We are currently making considerable investments in our information technology systems and processes. Difficulties from or disruptions to these efforts may interrupt our normal operations and adversely affect our business and results of operations. We have been making considerable investments in our information technology systems and processes and expect such investment to continue for the foreseeable future in support of our bitcoin mining operations and our expansion into HPC hosting and colocation. These continuing investments and upgrades include the implementation of new tools and technologies to further streamline and automate processes, including with respect to procurement, and to support our compliance with evolving U.S. GAAP. These investments and upgrades and may take longer to complete and cost more than originally planned. As a result of our continued work on these projects, we may experience difficulties with our systems and business disruptions. Any such difficulties or disruptions may adversely affect our business and results of operations. We depend on attracting and retaining officers, managers, and skilled professionals. Our success depends, in large part, on our ability to hire, retain and motivate talented officers, leadership, and professionals. We cannot guarantee that such employees will be retained which may inhibit our management functions, strategic development, and other critical functions. Our growth may be constrained by human capital resource limitations as we compete with other companies for skilled employees. We will need to take strategic action to develop our pool of management and skilled employees as well as grow such pool to meet the demands of our corporate functions. If we are not able to do so, our business, and thus our ability to grow, may be materially adversely affected. Enhanced tariff, import/export restrictions, or other trade barriers may have an adverse impact on global economic conditions. There have been, and continue to be, uncertainties with respect to the global economy and trade relations between the U.S. and other countries globally, including trade policies, treaties, tariffs, and customs duties and taxes. Implementation of more restrictive trade policies or the renegotiation of existing U.S. trade agreements or trade agreements of other countries where we procure supplies and materials for our digital infrastructure could negatively impact our business results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. Tariffs, sanctions and other barriers to trade could adversely affect the business of our customers and suppliers, which could in turn negatively impact our net revenue and results of operations. If tariffs, trade restrictions or trade barriers are expanded or increased, then our exposure to future taxes and duties on imported products and components could be significant and could have a material effect on our financial results. We cannot predict the extent to which the U.S. or other countries will impose new or additional quotas, duties, tariffs, taxes, or other similar restrictions upon the import of goods and services in the future, nor can we predict future trade policy or the terms of any renegotiated trade agreements and their impact on our business. The continuing adoption or expansion of trade restrictions, the occurrence of a trade war, or other governmental action related to tariffs or trade agreements or policies has the potential to adversely impact demand for our HPC data centers, our costs, our customers, our suppliers, and the U.S. economy, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. Increased scrutiny and changing expectations from stakeholders with respect to our environmental, social, and governance (ESG) practices and the impacts of climate change may result in additional costs or risks. Companies across many industries are facing increasing scrutiny related to their ESG practices. Investor advocacy groups, certain institutional investors, investment funds and other influential investors are also increasingly focused on ESG practices and in recent years have placed increasing importance on the non-financial impacts of their investments. Furthermore, increased public awareness and concern regarding environmental risks, including global climate change, has resulted in and may continue to result in increased public scrutiny of our business and our industry, and our management team may divert significant time and energy away from our operations and towards responding to such scrutiny and reassuring our employees. In addition, the physical risks of climate change may impact the availability and cost of materials and natural resources, sources and supply of energy, demand for bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, and could increase our insurance and other operating costs, including, potentially, to repair damage incurred as a result of extreme weather events or to 14 Table of Contents renovate or retrofit facilities to better withstand extreme weather events. If environmental laws or regulations or industry standards are either changed or adopted and impose significant operational restrictions and compliance requirements on our operations, or if our operations are disrupted due to the physical impacts of climate change, our business, capital expenditures, results of operations, financial condition and competitive position could be negatively impacted. We have a history of operating losses, and we may report additional operating losses in the future. We have recorded historical losses and negative cash flows from our operations, including from our bitcoin mining activities when the value of bitcoin mined did not exceed our associated costs. As we transition an increasing portion of our business toward HPC hosting and colocation, we are making substantial capital investments in developing and expanding our data center campuses. These investments are capital-intensive and revenue from HPC hosting is dependent upon the completion and commencement of customer leases. Future market prices of bitcoin remain difficult to predict, and demand for HPC hosting services may not develop as anticipated. There can be no assurance that revenue from our bitcoin mining operations and HPC data center operations will exceed our associated operating and capital costs. Risks Related to the Bitcoin Mining Business Our ability to achieve profitability is largely dependent on the price of bitcoin, which has historically been volatile. Our existing bitcoin mining operations are largely based on our assumptions regarding the future value of bitcoin, which has been subject to significant historical volatility and may be subject to influence from malicious actors, real or perceived scarcity of bitcoin, political, economic, and regulatory conditions and speculation making bitcoin’s price more volatile or creating “bubble” type risks for the trading price of bitcoin. Further, unlike traditional stock exchanges, which have listing requirements and vet issuers, requiring companies to comply with rigorous listing standards and rules, which monitor transactions for fraud and other improprieties, markets for bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies tend to be unregulated or underregulated. In general, less stringent markets are perceived to have a higher risk of fraud or manipulation and any lack of oversight or perceived lack of transparency could reduce confidence in the price of bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, which could adversely affect the price of bitcoin. Bitcoin and crypto asset markets generally may be subject to increased scrutiny and regulation by the U.S. legislature and government agencies, and such evolving regulatory and legal environment may impact our bitcoin mining activities and therefore an impact on our business. These factors make it difficult to accurately predict the future market price of bitcoin and may also inhibit consumer trust in, and market acceptance of, cryptocurrencies as a means of exchange, which could limit the future adoption of bitcoin and, as a result, our assumptions could prove incorrect. If our assumptions prove incorrect and the future price of bitcoin is not sufficiently high, our revenue from our bitcoin mining operations may not exceed our costs, and our operations may not be profitable, which would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Instability, fraud, or failures within the broader cryptocurrency ecosystem may adversely affect the price of bitcoin and our results of operations. Digital asset exchanges and cryptocurrency platforms are relatively new and, in many cases, lightly regulated. Certain exchanges have filed for bankruptcy or become subject to investigation by governmental agencies for fraud or other misconduct, resulting in increased volatility and loss of confidence in digital asset markets. Bitcoin is subject to price volatility resulting from financial instability, poor business practices, fraudulent activities of participants in the broader cryptocurrency market and heightened regulatory scrutiny. A perceived lack of stability in the digital asset exchange market, the closure or temporary shutdown of exchanges due to business failure, cyber-attacks, government-mandated regulation or fraud, or other disruptions in the cryptocurrency ecosystem may reduce confidence in digital asset networks and result in greater volatility in bitcoin values. Such developments could adversely affect our bitcoin mining operations and our financial condition. Bitcoin is subject to halving, and our bitcoin mining operations may generate less revenue as a result. The number of new bitcoin awarded for solving a block is cut in half at mathematically predetermined intervals, known as “halving”. The next halving for the bitcoin blockchain is currently anticipated to occur in April 2028. While bitcoin prices have historically increased around these halving events, there is no guarantee that the price change will be favorable or would compensate for the reduction in mining rewards. If a corresponding and proportionate increase in the price of bitcoin does not follow future halving events, the revenue we earn from our bitcoin mining operations would see a decrease, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 15 Table of Contents Because our miners are designed specifically to mine bitcoin and may not be readily adaptable to other uses, a sustained decline in bitcoin’s value could adversely affect our business and results of operations. We have invested substantial capital in acquiring miners using ASIC chips designed specifically to mine bitcoin using the 256-bit secure hashing algorithm (“SHA-256”) as efficiently and as rapidly as possible on our assumption that we will be able to use them to mine bitcoin and generate revenue from our operations. Therefore, our bitcoin mining operations focus exclusively on mining bitcoin, and our bitcoin mining revenue is based on the value of the bitcoin we mine. Accordingly, if the value of bitcoin declines and fails to recover, for example, because of the development and acceptance of competing blockchain platforms or technologies, including competing cryptocurrencies which our miners may not be able to mine, the revenue we generate from our bitcoin mining operations will likewise decline. Moreover, because our miners use these highly specialized ASIC chips, we may not be able to successfully repurpose them in a timely manner, if at all, to other uses, following a sustained decline in bitcoin’s value or if the bitcoin blockchain stops using SHA-256 for solving blocks. This would result in a material adverse effect on our business and could potentially impact our ability to continue as a going concern. Our reliance on third-party miners may subject our operations to increased risk of design flaws. The performance and reliability of our miners and our technology is critical to our reputation and our operations. We currently predominantly use Bitmain Technologies Limited (“Bitmain”) miners, and if there are issues with those machines, such as a design flaw in the ASIC chips they employ, our system could be substantially affected. Any system error or failure may significantly delay response times or even cause our system to fail. Any disruption in our ability to continue mining could result in lower yields and harm our reputation and business. Any exploitable weakness, flaw, or error common to the Bitmain miners we currently utilize could affect substantial portions of our miners; therefore, if a defect or other flaw exists and is exploited, a majority of, or all of our miner fleet could be adversely impacted. Any interruption, delay or system failure could result in financial losses, a decrease in the trading price of our common stock and damage to our reputation. Our use of a third-party mining pool exposes us to certain risks. We receive bitcoin rewards from our mining activity through a third-party mining pool operator, Foundry. Mining pools allow miners to combine their processing power, increasing their chances of solving a block and getting paid by the network. The rewards are distributed by the pool operator, proportionally to our contribution to the pool’s overall mining power, after deducting the applicable pool fee, if any, used to solve a block on the bitcoin blockchain. Should the pool operator’s system suffer downtime due to a cyber-attack, software malfunction or other issue, it could negatively impact our ability to mine and receive revenue, if we are unable to quickly switch to another pool or to self-mine without a pool. Furthermore, it is possible that the mining pool operator could fail to accurately record the total processing power provided to the pool for a given bitcoin mining application, which would inhibit our ability to confirm the proportion of that total processing power which we provided. While we have internal methods of tracking both the hash rate we provide and the total used by the pool, the mining pool operator uses its own record-keeping to determine our proportion of a given reward, which may not match our own. If we are unable to consistently obtain accurate proportionate rewards from our mining pool operator, we may not receive accurate block rewards from the pool, and we would have limited recourse to correct these inaccuracies. This could lead us to decide against further participation in a mining pool, or mining pools generally, which may affect the predictability of our mining returns, which could have an adverse effect on our business and operations. If Foundry were to cease operations, there would be some delay and consequently lost revenue until we pointed our miners at our backup pool provider, which we would do by using a mass command issued with our management software. Furthermore, while we receive daily reports from Foundry detailing the total processing power provided to its mining pool and our proportion of that total processing power to determine the distribution of rewards to us, we are dependent on the accuracy of Foundry’s record keeping. We have little means of recourse against Foundry if we determine the proportion of the reward paid out to us by Foundry is incorrect, other than leaving Foundry’s pool altogether. If we are unable to consistently obtain accurate proportionate rewards from our pools, we may experience reduced rewards for our efforts, which would have an adverse effect on our business and operations. Additionally, were Foundry to cease operations, declare insolvency or file for bankruptcy, there is a reasonable risk that recovery of any mining rewards or fees for any given day that had not yet been delivered into our wallet held at NYDIG would be delayed or unrecoverable. We may not be able to realize the benefits of forks. The bitcoin blockchain is subject to modification based on a consensus of the users on its network. When a significant minority of users on the network agree to a modification that is not compatible with the prior network protocol, a “fork” of the network results, with one prong running the pre-modified protocol and the other running the modified 16 Table of Contents protocol. The effect of such a fork would be the existence of two “versions” of the blockchain running in parallel that are not interchangeable, which requires exchange-type transactions to convert between the two forks. Additionally, it may be unclear following a fork which of the two protocols represents the original and which is the new protocol. Different metrics adopted by industry participants to determine which is the original asset following a fork in the bitcoin blockchain may include: referring to the blockchain with the greatest network hash rate, or to the “length” of blockchain (i.e., the time between the first transaction recorded in the blockchain’s distributed ledger and the date of the most recent transaction). Accordingly, it is possible that a fork may occur on the bitcoin blockchain that results in an asset different from our current bitcoin holdings, or a protocol different from SHA-256 (which our miners are specifically designed to operate), gaining predominance, and the value of our bitcoin assets may suffer, or we may not be able to adapt our miners to the new protocol. Therefore, we may not realize the economic benefit of a fork in the bitcoin blockchain, either immediately or ever, which could adversely affect an investment in our securities. Incorrect or fraudulent bitcoin transactions may be irreversible and we could lose access to our bitcoin. Bitcoin transactions are not, from an administrative perspective, reversible without the consent and active participation of the recipient of the bitcoin from the transaction. Because of the decentralized nature of the bitcoin blockchain, once a transaction has been verified and recorded in a block that is added to the bitcoin blockchain, an incorrect transfer of a bitcoin or a theft thereof generally will not be reversible, and we may not have sufficient recourse to recover our losses from any such transfer or theft. It is possible that, through computer or human error, or through theft or criminal action, our bitcoin rewards could be transferred in incorrect amounts or to unauthorized third parties, or to uncontrolled accounts. Though recent high profile enforcement actions against individuals laundering stolen bitcoin have demonstrated some means of bringing malicious actors to justice for their theft, the stolen bitcoin is likely to remain unrecoverable. Furthermore, we utilize a third-party custodian for our bitcoin, and thus do not maintain a private key. However, if they lose access to our wallet, or if a malicious actor successfully denies the third-party custodian access to our wallet, we may be permanently denied access to the bitcoin held in the wallet corresponding to the lost, stolen or blocked keys. Though we have taken and continue to take reasonable steps to secure our data and to store our bitcoin with an institutional custodian, if we, or our third-party custodian were to experience data loss relating to our digital wallets, we could effectively lose access to and the ability to use our bitcoin assets. Moreover, we may be unable to secure insurance policies for our bitcoin assets at rates or on terms acceptable to us, if at all, and we may choose to self-insure. To the extent that we are unable to recover our losses from such action, error or theft, such events could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Digital assets held by the Company are not subject to FDIC or SIPC protections. The Company does not hold its digital assets with a banking institution or a member of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (“FDIC”) or the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (“SIPC”) and, therefore, its digital assets are not subject to the protections enjoyed by depositors with FDIC or SIPC member institutions. Risks Related to Governmental Regulation and Enforcement We are subject to a highly-evolving regulatory landscape and any adverse changes to, or our failure to comply with, any laws and regulations could adversely affect our business, reputation, prospects or operations. As cryptocurrencies have grown in both popularity and market size, governments around the world have reacted differently to cryptocurrencies; certain governments have deemed them illegal, and others have allowed their use and trade without restriction, while some jurisdictions, such as the United States, subject the mining, ownership and exchange of cryptocurrencies to certain, and in some cases overlapping, unclear and evolving regulatory requirements. We currently only operate in the United States, and do not currently have any plans to expand our operations beyond the United States. As bitcoin has grown in popularity and in market size, the U.S. regulatory regime, namely the Federal Reserve Board, U.S. Congress and certain U.S. agencies (e.g., the SEC, the CFTC, FinCEN and the Federal Bureau of Investigation) have begun to examine the operations of the bitcoin network, bitcoin users and the bitcoin exchange market. The complexity and evolving nature of our business and the significant uncertainty surrounding the regulation of the cryptocurrency industry requires us to exercise our judgment as to whether certain laws, rules, and regulations apply to us, and it is possible that governmental bodies and regulators may disagree with our conclusions. To the extent we have not complied with such laws, rules, and regulations, we could be subject to significant fines, revocation of licenses, limitations on our products and services, reputational harm, and other regulatory consequences, each of which may be significant and could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 17 Table of Contents Potentially increasing regulation and regulatory scrutiny may result in new costs for the Company and Company’s management having to devote increased time and attention to regulatory matters, change aspects of the Company’s business or result in limits on the utility of bitcoin. In addition, regulatory developments and/or the Company’s business activities may require the Company to comply with certain regulatory regimes. Increasingly strict legal and regulatory requirements and any regulatory investigations and enforcement may result in changes to our business, as well as increased costs, and supervision and examination for ourselves and our service providers. Ongoing and future regulation and regulatory actions could also significantly restrict or eliminate the market for or uses of bitcoin and/or may adversely affect the Company’s business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, new laws, regulations, or interpretations may result in additional litigation, regulatory investigations, and enforcement or other actions. Adverse changes to, or our failure to comply with, any laws and regulations may have an adverse effect on our reputation and brand and our business, operating results, and financial condition. Bitcoin and bitcoin mining, as well as cryptocurrencies generally, may be made illegal in certain jurisdictions, including the ones we operate in, which could adversely affect our business prospects and operations. It is possible that state or federal regulators may seek to impose harsh restrictions or total bans on bitcoin mining which may make it impossible for us to do business without relocating our mining operations, which could be very costly and time consuming. Further, although bitcoin and bitcoin mining, as well as cryptocurrencies generally, are largely unregulated in most countries (including the United States), regulators could undertake new or intensify regulatory actions that could severely restrict the right to mine, acquire, own, hold, sell, or use cryptocurrency or to exchange it for traditional fiat currency such as the United States Dollar. Such restrictions may adversely affect us as the large-scale use of bitcoin as a means of exchange is presently confined to certain regions globally. Such circumstances could have a material adverse effect on us, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects or operations and potentially the value of any bitcoin we mine or otherwise acquire or hold for our own account, and thus harm investors. Changing environmental regulation and public energy policy may expose our business to new risks. Our bitcoin mining and HPC data center operations require a substantial amount of power and can only be successful, and ultimately profitable, if the costs we incur, including for electricity, are lower than the revenue we generate from our operations. As a result, any bitcoin mining and HPC data center facility we establish can only be successful if we can obtain sufficient electrical power for that facility on a cost-effective basis, and our establishment of new facilities requires us to find locations where that is the case. If new regulations are imposed, or if existing regulations are modified, the assumptions we made underlying our plans and strategic initiatives may be inaccurate, and we may incur additional costs to adapt our planned business, if we are able to adapt at all, to such regulations. In addition, there continues to be a lack of consistent climate legislation, which creates economic and regulatory uncertainty for our business because the bitcoin mining industry, with its energy demand, may become a target for future environmental and energy regulation. New legislation and increased regulation regarding climate change could impose significant costs on us and our suppliers, including costs related to increased energy requirements, capital equipment, environmental monitoring and reporting, and other costs to comply with such regulations. Further, any future climate change regulations could also negatively impact our ability to compete with companies situated in areas not subject to such limitations. Moreover, in the State of New York, we currently participate in energy demand response programs to curtail operations, return capacity to the electrical grid, and receive funds to offset foregone operational mining revenue when necessary, such as in extreme weather events. Furthermore, we, as well as other bitcoin miners, received a mandatory survey from the U.S. Energy Information Administration (the “EIA”), seeking extensive information regarding our facilities’ use of electricity, and certain information regarding our operations, solely for the month of January 2024. This request was subsequently withdrawn by the EIA; however, it is possible that mandatory surveys such as this will be used by the EIA to generate negative reports regarding the bitcoin mining and HPC data center industries’ use of power and other resources, which could spur additional negative public sentiment and adverse legislative and regulatory action against us or the bitcoin mining and HPC data center industries as a whole. Surveys and other regulatory actions could increase our cost of operations or otherwise make it more difficult for us to operate at our current locations. Given the political significance and uncertainty around the impact of climate change and how it should be addressed, and energy disclosure and use regulations, we cannot predict how legislation and regulation will affect our financial condition and results of operations in the future in the United States. However, due to the use of predominantly zero-carbon power in our operations, we believe we are advantageously positioned relative to our competitors in this regard. Further, even without such regulation, increased awareness and any adverse publicity in the global marketplace 18 Table of Contents about potential impacts on climate change or energy use by us or other companies in our industry could harm our reputation. Any of the foregoing could result in a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. The compliance costs of responding to new and changing regulations could adversely affect our operations. We are subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations, including those relating to the generation, storage, handling, and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes. Certain of these laws and regulations also impose joint and several liability, without regard to fault, for investigation and cleanup costs on current and former owners and operators of real property and persons who have disposed of or released hazardous substances into the environment. Our operations may involve the use of hazardous substances and materials, such as petroleum fuel for temporary generators, as well as batteries, cleaning solutions, and other materials. The course of future legislation and regulation in the United States remains difficult to predict, and potential increased costs associated with new legislation or regulation cannot be estimated at this time. Our interactions with a blockchain may expose us to specially designated nationals (“SDN”) or blocked persons and new legislation or regulation could adversely impact our business or the market for cryptocurrencies. The Office of Financial Assets Control (“OFAC”) of the U.S. Department of Treasury requires us to comply with its sanction program and not conduct business with persons named on its SDN list. However, because of the pseudonymous nature of blockchain transactions we may inadvertently and without our knowledge engage in transactions with persons named on OFAC’s SDN list. Our Company’s policy prohibits any transactions with such SDN individuals, and we take all commercially reasonable steps to avoid such transactions, but we may not be adequately capable of determining the ultimate identity of the individual with whom we transact with respect to selling bitcoin assets. Moreover, there is a risk that some bad actors will continue to attempt to use cryptocurrencies, including bitcoin, as a potential means of avoiding federally imposed sanctions, such as those imposed in connection with the Russian invasion of Ukraine. We are unable to predict the nature or extent of new and proposed legislation and regulation affecting the bitcoin industry, or the potential impact of the use of bitcoin by SDN or other blocked or sanctioned persons, which could have material adverse effects on our business and our industry more broadly. Further, we may be subject to investigation, administrative or court proceedings, and civil or criminal monetary fines and penalties as a result of any regulatory enforcement actions, all of which could harm our reputation and affect the value of our common stock. We may be at a higher risk of litigation and other legal proceedings due to heightened regulatory scrutiny of the cryptocurrency industry, which could ultimately be resolved against the Company, requiring material future cash payments or charges, which could impair our financial condition and results of operations. The size, nature and complexity of the Company’s business could make it susceptible to various claims, both in litigation and binding arbitration proceedings, legal proceedings, and government investigations. The Company believes that since cryptocurrency mining, and the digital asset industry generally, is a relatively new business sector, it is more likely subject to government investigation and regulatory determination. Any claims, regulatory proceedings or litigation that could arise in the course of the Company’s business could have a material adverse effect on the Company, its business or operations, or the industry as a whole. The Company may be classified as an inadvertent investment company. The Company is not engaged in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities and does not hold itself out as being engaged in those activities. Under the Investment Company Act, however, a company may be deemed an investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(C) if the value of its investment securities is more than 40% of its total assets (exclusive of government securities and cash items) on a consolidated basis. The Company will be engaging in digital asset mining, the outputs of which are cryptocurrencies, which may be deemed a security. In the event that the digital assets held by the Company exceed 40% of its total assets, exclusive of cash, the Company may inadvertently become an investment company. An inadvertent investment company can avoid being classified as an investment company if it can rely on one of the exclusions under the Investment Company Act. One such exclusion, namely Rule 3a-2 under the Investment Company Act, allows an inadvertent investment company a grace period of one year from the earlier of (i) the date on which an issuer owns securities and/or cash having a value exceeding 50% of the issuer’s total assets on either a consolidated or unconsolidated basis and (ii) the date on which an issuer owns or proposes to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding 40% of the value of such issuer’s total assets (exclusive of government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. The Company is putting in place policies that it 19 Table of Contents expects will work to keep the digital assets held by the Company at less than 40% of its total assets, liquidating its digital assets or seeking a no-action letter from the SEC if the Company is unable to maintain sufficient total assets or liquidate sufficient digital assets in a timely manner. As Rule 3a-2 is available to a company no more than once every three years, and assuming no other exclusions are available to the Company, the Company would have to keep within the 40% limit for at least three years after it ceases being an inadvertent investment company. This may limit the Company’s ability to make certain investments or enter into joint ventures that could otherwise have a positive impact on the Company’s earnings. In any event, the Company does not intend to become an investment company engaged in the business of investing and trading securities. Classification as an investment company under the Investment Company Act requires registration with the SEC. If an investment company fails to register, it would have to stop doing almost all business, and its contracts would become voidable. Registration is time consuming and restrictive and would require a restructuring of the Company’s operations, and the Company would be very constrained in the kind of business it could do as a registered investment company. Furthermore, the Company would become subject to substantial regulation concerning management, operations, transactions with affiliated persons and portfolio composition, and would need to file reports under the Investment Company Act regime. The cost of such compliance would result in the Company incurring substantial additional expenses, and the failure to register if required may adversely affect the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations. If federal or state legislatures or agencies initiate or release tax determinations that change the classification of bitcoins as property for tax purposes (in the context of when such bitcoins are held as an investment), such determination could have a negative tax consequence on the Company or its shareholders. Current guidance from the Internal Revenue Service indicates that digital assets such as bitcoin should be treated and taxed as property and that transactions involving the payment of bitcoin for goods and services should be treated as barter transactions. While this treatment creates a potential tax reporting requirement for any circumstance where the ownership of a bitcoin passes from one person to another, usually by means of bitcoin transactions (including off-blockchain transactions), it would also apply capital gains treatment to those transactions which may adversely affect the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations. Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock The trading price of shares of our common stock has been subject to volatility. The trading price of our common stock has been, and is likely to continue to be, volatile, and may be influenced by various factors including the risks, uncertainties and factors described in this Annual Report and our other filings with the SEC, as well as factors beyond our control or of which we may be unaware. If these risks happen and our business and results of operation suffer as a result, the market price of our securities may decline, which could have a material adverse effect on an investment in our securities. Bitcoin is subject to price volatility resulting from financial instability, poor business practices, fraudulent activities of players in the market, and other factors outside of our control. Such factors may cause a decline in the price of bitcoin, which may affect the trading price of our shares of common stock. We have issued, and may continue to issue, new shares of our common stock, which has a dilutive effect. We are and may continue to be subject to short selling strategies. Short selling is the practice of selling securities that the seller does not own but rather has borrowed from a third party with the intention of buying identical securities back at a later date to return to the lender. The short seller hopes to profit from a decline in the value of the securities between the sale of the borrowed securities and the purchase of the replacement shares, as the short seller expects to pay less in that purchase than it received in the sale. As it is therefore in the short seller’s best interests for the price of the stock to decline, may short sellers publish, or arrange for the publication of, negative opinions regarding the relevant issuer and its business prospects to create negative market momentum and generate profits for themselves after selling a stock short. These short attacks have, in the past, led to selling of shares in the market. We are, and may in the future may be, the subject of unfavorable allegations made by short sellers. For example, in August and October of this year, short sellers published reports that contained certain allegations against us that we believe to be misleading. Any such allegations may be followed by periods of instability in the market price of our shares 20 Table of Contents of common stock and negative publicity. We may be constrained in the manner in which we can proceed against the relevant short seller by principles of freedom of speech, applicable federal or state law or issues of commercial confidentiality. In addition, any related inquiry or formal investigation from a governmental organization or other regulatory body, including any inquiry from the SEC or the U.S. Department of Justice, could result in a material diversion of our management’s time and could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Such a situation could be costly and time consuming and could distract our management from operating our business. SEC investigations are generally fact-finding inquiries and do not necessarily mean that the SEC has concluded that we have violated the federal securities laws or that the SEC has a negative view of the Company. Even if such allegations are ultimately proven to be groundless, allegations against us could adversely impact our business, and cause downward pressure and increased volatility in the price of our shares of common stock. In October 2024, we received an inquiry from the SEC relating to the allegations in the recent short seller reports relating to the sources of electricity used in our operations and the proportion of energy attributable to zero-carbon energy sources. We believe these allegations to be misleading and cooperated fully with the SEC. On January 31, 2025, the SEC informed us that the investigation was closed and that the SEC does not intend to recommend an enforcement action by the SEC against the Company. We have financed our strategic growth through our at-the-market (ATM) offerings and issuances of our common stock. Our ATM offerings allow us to raise capital as needed by tapping into the existing trading market for our shares by selling newly issued shares into the market depending on prevailing market prices. Our efforts to raise capital is for the purpose of executing on development plans and strategic growth opportunities as they arise; however, holders of our common stock may experience dilution as a result of our sales of newly issued shares of our common stock in such ATM offerings. The issuance, conversion, or exercise of convertible notes and other convertible securities and warrants will dilute our stockholders' ownership. We have issued, and may continue to issue, convertible securities and warrants to business counterparties and institutional investors. We have also issued convertible notes to certain institutional investors in private offerings. The exercise, conversion, or exchange of these instruments, including for other securities, will dilute existing stockholders’ ownership percentages. This dilution may negatively impact our ability to obtain additional capital. Holders of these securities may choose to exercise or convert them at times when we could otherwise secure equity capital on more favorable terms or when our common stock is trading above the exercise or conversion price. Because we do not currently intend to pay any cash dividends on our common stock, our stockholders will not be able to receive a return on their shares unless they sell them. We currently intend to retain any future earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the near future. Unless we pay dividends, our stockholders will not be able to receive a return on their shares unless they sell them. There is no assurance that stockholders will be able to sell shares when desired. ITEM 1B.    Unresolved Staff Comments None. ITEM 1C.    Cybersecurity Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy We have developed and implemented a cybersecurity risk management program intended to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our critical systems and information. Our cybersecurity risk management program is one component of our information security program that guides continuous improvement to, and evaluates these security objectives for our critical systems, data, and operations. Additionally, the Company maintains an Information Security Program designed to prevent, detect, and respond to cyberattacks, and maintains a cybersecurity incident response plan designed to enable the Company to respond to cybersecurity incidents, coordinate such responses with law enforcement and other governmental agencies, and notify clients and customers, as applicable. Our approach to controls and risk management is based on guidance from the National Institute of Standards and Technology (“NIST”). This does not mean that we meet any particular technical standards, specifications, or requirements, but rather that we use NIST frameworks, guidance and recommendations to help us identify, assess, and manage cybersecurity controls and risks relevant to our business. 21 Table of Contents Our cybersecurity risk management program is integrated into our overall enterprise risk management program, and shares common methodologies, reporting channels and governance processes that apply across the enterprise risk management program to other legal, compliance, strategic, operational, and financial risk areas. Our cybersecurity risk management program includes: • identifying cybersecurity risks that could impact our facilities, third-party

--- VENDORS ---
vendors/partners, operations, critical systems, information, and broader enterprise information technology environment. Risks are informed by threat intelligence, current and historical adversarial activity, and industry specify threats; • risk assessments designed to help identify material cybersecurity risks to our critical systems, information, services, and our broader enterprise IT environment; • an Information Security and Cybersecurity policy which establishes administrative, physical, and technical controls and procedures to protect data and systems; • individuals, including employees and external third party service providers, who are responsible for managing our cybersecurity risk assessment processes, our security controls, and our response to cybersecurity incidents; • the use of external service providers, where appropriate, to assess, test, monitor, respond or otherwise assist with aspects of our security controls; • cybersecurity awareness training of our employees, incident response personnel, and senior management; and • a cybersecurity incident response plan that includes procedures for responding to cybersecurity incidents. We have not identified risks from known cybersecurity threats that have materially affected us, including our operations, business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. We face risks from cybersecurity threats that, if realized, are reasonably likely to materially affect us, including our operations, business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. See “

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
components may be subject to open-source licenses, and the Company complies with applicable license terms. The Company does not currently hold patents and relies on trade secrets, trademarks, service marks, copyrights, and contractual protections to safeguard its intellectual property and competitive position. Human Capital Resource Management As of the date of this Annual Report, TeraWulf had 141 full-time employees, including employees of Beowulf E&D, its wholly owned subsidiary, who perform services related to construction, technical and engineering, operations and maintenance, procurement, information technology, finance and accounting, human resources, legal, risk management and external affairs consultation. All of TeraWulf’s and Beowulf E&D’s employees are in the United States, primarily in New York and Maryland. None of TeraWulf’s or Beowulf E&D’s employees are represented by a labor union or covered by collective bargaining agreements. We recognize the pivotal role played by our workforce in the Company’s success and prioritize their well-being and dedication. To support our employees, TeraWulf offers a comprehensive benefits program tailored to their needs. This program encompasses a 401(k) retirement plan, flexible work hours, ample leave policies, and initiatives aimed at promoting mental and physical well-being. In accordance with our commitment to employee satisfaction, we conduct annual evaluations of our benefits offerings to ensure they remain aligned with the evolving needs of our workforce. Feedback from employees is actively sought to facilitate continuous improvement of our support systems. Furthermore, each employee of TeraWulf and many employees of Beowulf E&D hold ownership in the Company through equity awards granted under our 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan (as amended, the “Plan”). The primary objective of 5 Table of Contents the Plan is to attract, retain, and motivate employees, executive officers, and directors through the provision of stock-based compensation awards. TeraWulf is dedicated to cultivating a diverse and inclusive workforce. We prioritize hiring and recruitment based on merit and qualifications, recognizing the inherent value of varied perspectives and experiences. The Company’s Diversity Policy serves as a fundamental framework, outlining TeraWulf’s commitment to fostering an inclusive environment where all individuals are treated with respect and esteem. We believe that embracing a range of perspectives not only enhances our organizational culture but also bolsters our capacity to respond to change and stimulate innovation. Cybersecurity TeraWulf maintains a cybersecurity risk management program that includes physical, procedural, and technical safeguards designed to protect information systems and data. These measures aim to safeguard sensitive information and protect our operations against unauthorized access. The Company has established a cybersecurity risk management program detailed in our Information Security and Cybersecurity Policy. This policy is designed to uphold the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our critical systems and information. As of the current filing date, the Company has not experienced material cybersecurity incidents that have had a significant impact on its operations or financial condition. Insurance The Company maintains property and casualty insurance coverage for its facilities and assets consistent with industry practice for digital infrastructure operations. For its bitcoin mining assets at the Lake Mariner Data Campus, the Company carries replacement cost all-risk property insurance with coverage limits of approximately $50 million per occurrence. Given the limited availability of business interruption insurance for bitcoin mining operations, the Company does not currently maintain business interruption coverage for these assets and continues to monitor market availability. For its operating HPC infrastructure assets, the Company maintains replacement cost all-risk property insurance with coverage limits generally up to estimated full replacement value, together with business interruption insurance designed to protect against certain losses resulting from covered events. In addition, the Company maintains separate cyber liability insurance with an aggregate limit of approximately $15 million. Insurance coverage levels are reviewed annually in consultation with the Company’s insurance advisors, and the Company may adjust coverage as its asset base and operational profile evolve. Corporate Information TeraWulf was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware in February 2021 and commenced trading on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (the “Nasdaq”) under the symbol “WULF” on December 14, 2021. Our principal executive offices are located at 9 Federal Street, Easton, Maryland 21601. Our telephone number is (410) 770-9500 and our website address is www.terawulf.com. Please note that the contents of, or information accessible through, our website are not part of this Annual Report. Available Information We maintain a link to investor relations information on our website, www.terawulf.com, where we make available, free of charge, our filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. All SEC filings are also available at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Our website and the information contained on or connected to our website are not incorporated by reference herein, and our web address is included as an inactive textual reference only. 6 Table of Contents Forward-Looking Statements This Annual Report contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which involve risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Annual Report, including statements regarding our strategy, future operations, future financial position, future revenue, projected costs, prospects, plans, objectives of management, and expected market growth are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are contained principally in the sections entitled “Business,” “

