TICKER: WYFI
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain disruptions, which may have a material
adverse effect on the Company’s performance; ● our failure to effectively manage our growth,
strategic investments, combination, joint-ventures, acquisitions or alliances, which could disrupt our business; ● the loss of any member of our executive management
team, capital markets and interest rate risks; ● significant customer concentration; ● our failure to innovate and provide cloud services
to our customers and partners; ● a substantial decrease in the demand for data
centers; ● volatility in the supply and price of power in
the open markets; ii ● our limited history of operating as an independent
public company; ● export restitution and tariffs, particularly
with Canada concerning our supplies and operations; ● issues in the development and use of AI; ● regulations that target AI, and governmental
regulations; ● other legal obligations related to data privacy,
data protection and information security; and ● other factors discussed under the heading “ Risk
Factors ” in this Annual Report. You should not place undue
reliance upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. We have based the forward-looking statements contained
in this Annual Report primarily on our current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about future events and trends that
we believe may affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. Although we believe that we have a reasonable
basis for each forward-looking statement contained in this Annual Report, we cannot guarantee that the future results, levels of
activity, performance or events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur at all. The
outcome of the events described in these forward-looking statements is subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, including
those matters discussed under “

--- VENDORS ---
vendors. We can also design our facilities to accommodate the higher heat loads generated by modern
GPUs, potentially shortening deployment timelines for customers who require rapid expansion of their computing infrastructure. From a
financial standpoint, our vertically integrated solution allows us to capture additional margin for both our data center and cloud services
businesses, avoiding expenses that would otherwise be due to third-party providers. Colocation/Data center services We design, develop, and operate
data centers, through which we offer our hosting and colocation services. Our operational data centers meet the requirements of the Tier-3
standard, including N+1 redundancy architecture, concurrent maintainability, uninterruptible power supply, advanced and highly reliable
cooling systems, strict monitoring and management systems, 99.982% uptime and no more than 1.6 hours of downtime annually, service organization
control, SOC 2 Type 2, differentiated software supporting AI workloads, high density and robust bandwidth, and infrastructure to support
AI workloads. Based on their collective
industry experience, our data center team is adept at bringing new sites online on an accelerated timeline. We are aggressively pursuing
our development pipeline and intend to achieve an estimated 76 MW (gross) of total data center capacity by the end of the fourth quarter
of 2026, a target that is underpinned by assets including our MTL-2, MTL-3, and NC-1 facilities. As of December 31, 2025, our pipeline
of potential data center projects represents approximately 1,500 MW (gross) under management review. We follow a disciplined process prioritizing
projects that are backed by customer lease commitments. In select cases, we may pursue early-stage acquisitions based on strong customer
demand signals and defined commercialization pathways. Accordingly, the foregoing timelines and capacities are subject to change based
on many factors, many of which are outside of our control. 1 We use a well-defined set
of criteria to select our data center sites. We typically target sites with proximity to metro areas and partial infrastructure in place,
where we are retrofitting rather than developing greenfield projects. Metropolitan areas are positioned for low-latency to address long-term,
specialized AI computer inference needs, and smaller sites reduce risks. A retrofit entails sourcing and acquiring an existing industrial
building with underutilized, in-place power connectivity. The period of time from when a site is purchased until construction can begin
varies from location to location depending upon, among other things, obtaining required permits and the availability of construction supplies
and contractors. Average build time for retrofits is intended to be approximately six months from commencement of construction, which
we believe is approximately one-third to one-half of the industry average development timeline for greenfield projects. This average building
time is based upon senior management’s experience at Enovum prior to its acquisition by the Company, as well as their experience
prior to Enovum. We also prioritize sites offering opportunities to increase site power over time, enabling our data centers to grow with
customer demand. In addition, we selectively target certain larger opportunities with 50 MW (gross) of power or more, subject to customer
demand, to drive AI-driven compute super-clusters. Finally, we prioritize sites powered by sustainable, green energy sources and locked-in
power when available. Additionally, to enhance sustainability of certain of our data center projects, we are undertaking heat repurposing
projects in connection with sustainability and commercial and residential projects. We acquired Enovum on October 11, 2024. The transaction included the
lease of MTL-1, our 4 MW (gross) Tier-3 high-performance computing (“HPC”) data center in Montreal, Canada, which was fully
operational and fully leased to customers at the time of acquisition. On December 27, 2024, we
acquired the real estate and building for a build-to-suit 5 MW (gross) Tier-3 data center expansion project near Montreal, Canada which
we refer to as MTL-2. MTL-2, a 160,000 square foot site that was previously used as an encapsulation

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials
or building supplies, or lack of availability and/or increased costs for specialized data center components, including long lead time
items such as generators; ● construction site accidents and other casualties; ● financing availability, including our ability
to obtain construction financing and permanent financing, or increases in interest rates or credit spreads; ● labor availability, costs, disputes and work
stoppages with contractors, subcontractors or others that are constructing the project; ● failure of contractors to perform on a timely
basis or at all, or other misconduct on the part of contractors; ● access to sufficient power and related costs
of providing such power to our customers; ● environmental issues; ● supply chain constraints; ● fire, flooding, earthquakes and other natural
disasters; ● pandemics; ● geological, construction, excavation and equipment
problems; and ● delays or denials of entitlements or permits,
including zoning and related permits, or other delays resulting from requirements of public agencies and utility companies, including
as a result of local community resistance or protests in response to the development of new data centers. In addition, development
activities, regardless of whether they are ultimately successful, also typically require a substantial portion of our management’s
time and attention. This may distract our management from focusing on other operational activities of our business. If we are unable to
complete development projects successfully and on a timely basis, our business may be adversely affected. 35 Our ongoing investment in retrofitting data
centers involves infrastructure and technologies which is inherently risky, and could divert management attention and harm our business,
financial condition, and operating results. Our ongoing investments that
we are making in infrastructure, research and development augment our data center capabilities, reflect our ongoing efforts to innovate
and provide products and services that are helpful to our customers. However, these investments may not be commercially viable or may
not result in an adequate return of capital. These endeavors involve significant risks and uncertainties, including diversion of resources
and management attention from current operations, different monetization models, and the use of alternative investment, governance, or
compensation structures that may fail to adequately align incentives across the Company or otherwise accomplish their objectives. Our failure to accurately predict our facilities’
and data centers’ requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The costs of building out,
leasing and maintaining our facilities and data centers constitute a significant portion of our capital and operating expenses. In order
to manage growth and ensure adequate capacity for our new and existing customers while minimizing unnecessary excess capacity costs, we
continuously evaluate our short- and long-term  data center capacity requirements. We are continuously evaluating our capacity requirements
in order to effectively manage our capital expenditures and operating results. However, we may be unable to accurately project our future
capacity needs or sufficiently allocate resources to address such needs. If we overestimate our business’ capacity requirements
or the demand for our services and therefore secure excess data center capacity, our operating margins could be materially reduced. If
we underestimate these requirements, we may not be able to provide sufficient service to our existing customers or may be required to
limit new customer acquisition, both of which may materially and adversely impair our results of operations. Similarly, we have entered into multi-year contract commitments
with our service providers in Iceland and North America. If we overestimate our capacity requirements and therefore secure excess capacity
and have excess capital expenditures, our operating margins could be materially reduced. Certain natural disasters or other external
events, including climate change or mechanical failures, could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows,
and prospects. We may also experience disruptions
due to mechanical failure, human error, physical or electronic security breaches, war, terrorism, fire, earthquake, pandemics, hurricane,
flood and other natural disasters, sabotage and vandalism. Our systems may be susceptible to damage, interference, or interruption from
modifications or upgrades, power loss, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, ransomware attacks, computer denial of service attacks,
phishing schemes, or other attempts to harm or access our systems. Such disruptions could materially and adversely affect our business
and our financial condition, operating results, cash flows, and prospects. In addition, there continues
to be a lack of consistent climate legislation, which creates economic and regulatory uncertainty for our business. With the energy demand
of our business, we may become a target for future environmental and energy regulation. New legislation and increased regulation regarding
climate change could impose significant costs on us and our suppliers, including costs related to increased energy requirements, capital
equipment, environmental monitoring and reporting, and other costs to comply with such regulations. Further, any future climate change
regulations could also negatively impact our ability to compete with companies situated in areas not subject to such limitations. 36 Given the political significance
and uncertainty around the impact of climate change and how it should be addressed, and energy disclosure and use regulations, we cannot
predict how legislation and regulation will affect our financial condition and results of operations in the future in the U.S. as
well as in Iceland and Canada. Further, even without such regulation, increased awareness and any adverse publicity in the global marketplace
about potential impacts on climate change or energy use by us or other companies in our industry could harm our reputation. Any of the
foregoing could result in a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. Establishing data centers in remote areas
may adversely affect our ability to retain staff and increase our compensation costs. If we establish data centers in areas with lower populations such as
Iceland or remote parts of North America, recruiting and retaining the necessary staff to operate our locations may pose a challenge.
When we encounter a relatively low population, the pool of available employees is limited. In addition, some employers have offered significantly
higher wages in order to fill vacant positions. This may adversely affect our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel and may
increase our employee costs if we have to increase the compensation we pay in response to the market. WhiteFiber’s data centers could be
adversely impacted by climate change. Severe weather events, such
as tornadoes, hurricanes, rain, drought, fire, ice and snowstorms, and high-and low-temperature extremes, occur in regions in
which WhiteFiber operates and maintains infrastructure. WhiteFiber’s principal data centers in Iceland and Canada are designed to
provide year-round cool weather conditions. Nevertheless climate change could change the frequency and severity of weather events,
which may create physical and financial risks to WhiteFiber. Such risks could have an adverse effect on WhiteFiber’s financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows. Increases in severe weather conditions or extreme temperatures may cause infrastructure construction
projects to be delayed or canceled and limit resources available for such projects resulting in decreased revenue or increased project
costs. In addition, drought conditions could restrict the availability of water supplies or limit the ability to obtain water use permits,
inhibiting the ability to conduct operations. To date, neither of the Company’s WhiteFiber data centers in Iceland or Canada have
experienced any material impacts to its financial condition, results of operations or cash flows due to the physical effects of climate
change. Even if we have additional space available
for lease at any one of our data centers, our ability to lease this space to existing or new customers could be constrained by our ability
to provide sufficient electrical power. As current and future customers
increase their power footprint in our data centers over time, the corresponding reduction in available power could limit our ability to
increase occupancy rates or network density within our existing or future data centers. Furthermore, our aggregate maximum contractual
obligation to provide power and cooling to our customers may exceed the physical capacity at such data centers if customers were to quickly
increase their demand for power and cooling. If we are not able to increase the available power and/or cooling or move the customer to
another location within our data centers with sufficient power and cooling to meet such demand, we could lose the customer as well as
be exposed to liability under our customer agreements. In addition, our power and cooling systems are difficult and expensive to upgrade.
Accordingly, we may not be able to efficiently upgrade or change these systems to meet new demands without incurring significant costs
that we may not be able to pass on to our customers. Any such material loss of customers, liability or additional costs could adversely
affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 37 Risks Related to Geopolitical Uncertainty Changes in tariffs or import restrictions
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The U.S. government
has adopted new approaches to trade policy and in some cases, may renegotiate, or potentially terminate, certain existing bilateral or
multi-lateral trade agreements. The U.S. government has also imposed tariffs on certain foreign goods and has raised the possibility
of imposing significant, additional tariff increases or expanding the tariffs to capture other countries and types of foreign goods. Because
WhiteFiber is developing data centers in Canada and the United States, the imposition of tariffs on imports between these countries
or from other countries, such as a 50% tariff on copper imports announced in July 2025 by the U.S. government, could materially
impact the cost, timeline, and feasibility of our projects. Tariffs imposed by the U.S. on imports from Mexico and Canada or from
other countries, as well as reciprocal tariffs imposed by such countries on U.S. goods, could increase WhiteFiber’s costs for
key construction materials, specialized equipment, and labor, potentially delaying deployments and reducing profitability. Data center construction
relies heavily on steel, aluminum, copper, electrical components and HVAC systems, some of which the Company is sourcing from Mexico and
Canada. The tariffs the U.S. has imposed, or has considered imposing, on Canadian steel, aluminum and copper imports, are expected
to increase the cost of WhiteFiber’s potential projects in the U.S. Similarly, if Canada imposes reciprocal tariffs on U.S. exports,
WhiteFiber’s projects in Canada could see cost increases for imported power infrastructure, networking hardware, and construction
equipment. Additionally, several transformers,
battery storage systems, and cooling systems used in our North American data centers are manufactured in or pass through Mexico.
If the U.S. imposes new or additional tariffs on Mexican-manufactured electrical equipment, this could create supply chain bottlenecks
and increase capital expenditures for both U.S. and Canadian facilities. Likewise, trade restrictions on Canadian-manufactured networking
equipment or semiconductors would disrupt supply availability for our potential projects in the U.S. Tariffs and trade tensions
between the U.S., Mexico, and Canada could also indirectly impact the availability and cost of skilled labor. Many specialized contractors for
data center construction, electrical work, and mechanical systems operate across borders. Increased trade friction could reduce labor
mobility, increase wages, or limit access to essential expertise, slowing project execution. Such higher costs for critical
data center components, potential disruptions to equipment supply chains and labor and cross-border workforce challenges could have
material adverse effects on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if tariffs
increase the cost of building and operating data centers in the U.S. and Canada, our customers, hyperscalers and cloud providers,
may shift expansion plans to more cost-effective regions, such as Europe or Asia. This could negatively impact short-term and
long-term demand for WhiteFiber’s colocation and infrastructure services. Finally, in response to tariffs,
other countries have implemented retaliatory tariffs on U.S. goods. Political tensions as a result of trade policies could
reduce trade volume, investment, technological exchange, and other economic activities between major international economies, resulting
in a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets, which could in turn have a material
adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 38 Uncertainty in the global economy and instability
within international relations, including changes in governmental policies relating to technology, and any potential downturn in the semiconductor
and electronics industries, may negatively impact our business . There is inherent risk, based
on the complex relationships between certain countries and within regions, that political, diplomatic or military events could result
in trade disruptions and other disruptions in the markets and industries we serve and our supply chain. For example, the ongoing geopolitical
and economic uncertainty between the U.S. and China, the unknown impact of current and future U.S. and Chinese trade regulations,
and geopolitical risks between the U.S, Canada, where our data centers are located, between the U.S. and Mexico, where certain components
are supplied, or between China and Taiwan where chips are manufactured, could, directly or indirectly, materially harm our business, financial
condition and results of operations. While overall semiconductor
supply conditions have improved, we continue to monitor potential availability constraints for high-performance GPUs and related
hardware, which may affect the timing of future deployments in our cloud services business. Furthermore, political or
economic conflicts between various global actors, and responsive measures that have been taken and could be taken in the future, have
created and can further create significant global economic uncertainty that could prolong or expand such conflicts, which could have a
lasting impact on regional and global economies and harm our business and operating results. Scrutiny and changing expectations from
stakeholders with respect to our environmental, social, and governance (“ESG”) practices and the impacts of climate change
may result in additional costs or risks. Companies across many industries
are facing scrutiny related to their ESG practices. Investor advocacy groups, certain institutional investors, investment funds and other
influential investors are also focused on ESG practices and in recent years have placed increasing importance on the non-financial impacts
of their investments. Furthermore, public awareness and concern regarding environmental risks, including global climate change, has resulted
and may continue to result in increased public scrutiny of our business and our industry, and our management team may divert significant
time and energy away from our operations and towards responding to such scrutiny and reassuring our employees. In addition, the physical
risks of climate change may impact the availability and cost of materials and natural resources, sources and supply of energy, could increase
our insurance and other operating costs, including, potentially, to repair damage incurred as a result of extreme weather events or to
renovate or retrofit facilities to better withstand extreme weather events. If environmental laws or regulations or industry standards
in the U.S., Iceland or Canada are either changed or adopted and impose significant operational restrictions and compliance requirements
on our operations, or if our operations are disrupted due to the physical impacts of climate change, our business, capital expenditures,
results of operations, financial condition and competitive position could be negatively impacted. Various actual and potential conflicts of
interest may be detrimental to shareholders. Certain conflicts of interest
may exist, or be perceived to exist, between us and our directors or certain executive officers, who are also officers and/or directors
of Bit Digital, our parent company, which owned approximately 70.5% of our share capital as of December 31, 2025. Each person must devote
time, resources and attention to the affairs of Bit Digital. This may conflict with such officer’s or director’s interest
in us, including conflicting with interests in allocating resources, time and attention to our business and impacting decisions made on
our behalf with respect to Bit Digital. For example, it is expected that, until August 2027, Sam Tabar and Erke Huang will continue to
serve as (i) Chief Executive Officer and (ii) Director and Chief Financial Officer, respectively, of Bit Digital. Messrs. Tabar
and Huang are expected to provide certain services, representing not more than approximately 30% of their working time, in respect of
Bit Digital operations and have committed to provide the requisite time and effort to fulfill their responsibilities as a full-time officer
of WhiteFiber, supervising a full staff. Actual or potential conflicts of interest could arise, for example, over matters such as the
desirability of changes in our business and operations, funding and capital matters, regulatory matters, agreements with Bit Digital relating
to the Reorganization or otherwise, employee retention or recruiting or our dividend policy. 39 We have put specific procedures
in place with respect to potential conflicts of interest, however, in determining with whom our officers or directors may have relationships
and considering the risks and risk mitigation factors. As an example, we require that transactions with Bit Digital involving our executive
officers and directors be approved or ratified by our Audit Committee, and recognizing that Ms. Ichi Shih is also the Chair of the Bit
Digital Audit Committee. While we have a majority of independent directors on our Board in order to ensure that there are limitations
on the risks of conflicts of interest impacting Board level decisions, since WhiteFiber is not operating a digital asset business, the
effects of any such risks of conflicts of interest involving our separate business operations are limited in scope. We expect that as
we add officers and independent directors, the risks of conflicts of interest will become more limited over time. We cannot, however,
guarantee that the conflicts of interest described above, or other future conflicts of interest, will not manifest in advice or decisions
that negatively impact our financial results and our operations. We may depend upon outside advisors who
may not be available on reasonable terms as needed. To supplement the business
experience of our officers and directors, we employ technical experts, appraisers, attorneys, or other consultants or advisors. Our management,
with our board of directors approval in certain cases, without any input from shareholders will make the selection of any such advisors.
Furthermore, it is anticipated that such persons may be engaged on an “as needed” basis without a continuing fiduciary or
other obligation to us. In the event we consider it necessary to hire outside advisors, we may elect to hire persons who are affiliates,
if they are able to provide the required services. The nature of our business requires the
application of complex financial accounting rules, and there is limited guidance from accounting standard setting bodies. If financial
accounting standards undergo significant changes, our operating results could be adversely affected. The accounting rules and
regulations that we must comply with are complex and subject to interpretation by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”),
the SEC, and various bodies formed to promulgate and interpret appropriate accounting principles. A change in these principles or interpretations
could have a significant effect on our reported financial results, and may even affect the reporting of transactions completed before
the announcement or effectiveness of a change. Recent actions and public comments from the FASB and the SEC have focused on the integrity
of financial reporting and internal controls. In addition, many companies’ accounting policies are being subject to heightened scrutiny
by regulators and the public. Uncertainties or changes in regulatory or financial accounting standards could result in the need to change
our accounting methods and restate our financial statements and impair our ability to provide timely and accurate financial information,
which could adversely affect our financial statements, result in a loss of investor confidence, and more generally impact our business,
operating results, and financial condition. Risks Related to the Reorganization and our Relationship with Bit
Digital We potentially could have received better
terms from unaffiliated third parties than the terms we received in our agreements with Bit Digital. The agreements that have
been entered into with Bit Digital in connection with the Reorganization and transition of services (including the Transition Services
Agreement) were negotiated while we were still part of Bit Digital’s business. Accordingly, during the period in which the terms
of those agreements will have been negotiated, we did not have an independent Board of Directors or a management team independent of Bit
Digital. The terms of the agreements (including the Transition Services Agreement) negotiated in the context of the Reorganization relate
to, among other things, the allocation of assets, intellectual property, liabilities, rights and other obligations between Bit Digital
and us. Arm’s-length negotiations between us and an unaffiliated third party in another form of transaction, such as a buyer
in a sale of a business, might have resulted in receiving more favorable terms from an unaffiliated third party. 40 WhiteFiber has a very limited history of
operating as an independent, public company, and its historical financial information from periods prior is not necessarily representative
of the results that it would have achieved as a separate, publicly traded company and may not be a reliable indicator of its future results. WhiteFiber’s businesses
was operated by and integrated with Bit Digital prior to WhiteFiber’s October 2024 acquisition of Enovum. Certain of the historical
financial information of WhiteFiber included in this Annual Report is derived from the combined financial statements and accounting records
of Bit Digital and WhiteFiber AI and its combined subsidiaries. Accordingly, such historical financial information does not necessarily
reflect the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows that WhiteFiber would have achieved as a separate, publicly traded
company during the periods presented nor those that WhiteFiber will achieve in the future, primarily as a result of the factors described
below: ● Prior to the Reorganization, WhiteFiber’s business was operated
by Bit Digital as part of its broader corporate organization, rather than as an independent company, and Bit Digital or one of its affiliates
performed certain corporate functions for WhiteFiber. WhiteFiber’s historical financial results prior to the IPO reflect allocations
of corporate expenses from Bit Digital for such functions and are likely to be less than the expenses WhiteFiber would have incurred had
it operated as a separate publicly traded company. ● Historically, WhiteFiber shared economies of
scope and scale in costs, employees and vendor relationships. Although WhiteFiber has entered into a Transition Services Agreement with
Bit Digital, these arrangements may not retain or fully capture the benefits that WhiteFiber has enjoyed as a result of being integrated
with Bit Digital and may result in it paying higher charges than in the past for these services. This could have a material adverse effect
on WhiteFiber’s business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows following the completion of the distribution. ● Generally, WhiteFiber’s working capital
requirements and capital for its general corporate purposes, including acquisitions and capital expenditures, have in the past been satisfied
as part of the corporatewide cash management policies of Bit Digital. Following the completion of our IPO, WhiteFiber’s results
of operations and cash flows are likely to be more volatile, and it may need to obtain additional financing from banks, through public
offerings or private placements of debt or equity securities, or a combination of both, strategic relationships or other arrangements,
which may or may not be available and may be more costly. ● WhiteFiber’s historical financial information
does not reflect any debt that it may incur in the future. ● As a public company, WhiteFiber is subject to
the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the Dodd-Frank Act and is required to prepare its
financial statements according to the rules and regulations required by the SEC. Complying with these requirements could result in
significant costs and require WhiteFiber to divert substantial resources, including management time, from other activities. 41 Other significant changes
may occur in WhiteFiber’s cost structure, management, financing and business operations as a result of operating as a company separate
from Bit Digital. For additional information about the past financial performance of WhiteFiber’s business and the basis of presentation
of the historical combined financial statements, see “ Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations ” and the historical financial statements and accompanying notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report. WhiteFiber or Bit Digital may fail to perform
under the Transition Services Agreement or WhiteFiber may fail to have necessary systems and services in place when the transition services
agreement expires. On July 30, 2025, in
connection with the Reorganization, WhiteFiber and Bit Digital entered into the Transition Services Agreement pursuant to which Bit Digital
will provide certain services to WhiteFiber, on a transitional basis. The Transition Services Agreement provides for the performance of
certain services by Bit Digital for the benefit of WhiteFiber, or in some cases certain services provided by WhiteFiber for the benefit
of Bit Digital, for up to 24 months from the effective date of the IPO registration statement. WhiteFiber will rely on Bit Digital
to satisfy its obligations under this agreement. If Bit Digital is unable to satisfy its obligations under this agreement, WhiteFiber
could incur operational difficulties or losses. If WhiteFiber does not have agreements with other providers of these services once certain
transaction agreements expire or terminate, WhiteFiber may not be able to operate its business effectively, which may have a material
adverse effect on its financial position, results of operations and cash flows. WhiteFiber’s inability to resolve
favorably any disputes that arise between WhiteFiber and Bit Digital with respect to their past and ongoing relationships including potential
conflicts of interests among management may adversely affect WhiteFiber’s operating results. Certain key management and
directors of both Bit Digital and WhiteFiber hold the same or similar positions in both companies. Those positions and their ownership
of Bit Digital securities could create, or appear to create, potential conflicts of interest when WhiteFiber’s management and directors
and Bit Digital’s management and directors face decisions that could have different implications for Bit Digital and WhiteFiber.
Disputes may arise between WhiteFiber and Bit Digital in a number of areas relating to the various transaction agreements, including: ● Labor, tax, employee benefit, indemnification
and other matters arising from WhiteFiber’s separation from Bit Digital. ● Employee retention and recruiting. ● Business combinations involving WhiteFiber. ● And the nature, quality and pricing of services
that WhiteFiber and Bit Digital have agreed to provide each other. WhiteFiber may not be able to resolve potential conflicts, and even
if it does, the resolution may be less favorable than if it were dealing with an unaffiliated party. The agreements WhiteFiber
enters into with Bit Digital may be amended upon agreement between the parties. While WhiteFiber is controlled by Bit Digital, it may
not have the leverage to negotiate amendments to these agreements if required on terms as favorable to it as those it would negotiate
with an unaffiliated third party. As an independent, publicly traded company,
WhiteFiber may not enjoy the same benefits that its subsidiaries did as subsidiaries of Bit Digital. Historically, WhiteFiber’s
business has been operated through subsidiaries of Bit Digital, and Bit Digital performed substantially all the corporate functions for
their operations, including managing financial and human resources systems, internal auditing, investor relations, treasury services,
financial reporting, finance and tax administration, benefits administration, legal, and regulatory functions. 42 Bit Digital provides support
to WhiteFiber with respect to certain of these functions on a transitional basis. WhiteFiber will then need to replicate certain facilities,
systems, infrastructure and personnel to which it will no longer have access after the distribution and will likely incur capital and
other costs associated with developing and implementing its own support functions in these areas. Such costs could be material. As an independent, publicly
traded company, WhiteFiber may be more susceptible to market fluctuations and other adverse events than it would have been, were it still
a part of Bit Digital. As part of Bit Digital, WhiteFiber has been able to enjoy certain benefits from Bit Digital’s operating diversity
and available capital for investments. As an independent, publicly
traded company, WhiteFiber does not have similar operating diversity and may not have similar access to capital markets, which could have
a material adverse effect on its financial position, results of operations and cash flows. WhiteFiber could experience temporary interruptions
in business operations and incur additional costs as it further develops information technology infrastructure and transitions its data
to its stand-alone systems. WhiteFiber is in the process of preparing information technology infrastructure
and systems to support its critical business functions, including accounting and reporting, in order to replace many of the systems and
functions Bit Digital has provided. WhiteFiber may experience temporary interruptions in business operations if it cannot transition effectively
to its own stand-alone systems and functions, which could disrupt its business operations and have a material adverse effect on profitability.
In addition, WhiteFiber’s costs for the operation of these systems may be higher than the amounts reflected in the financial statements. Regulatory Risks Regulatory restrictions that target AI,
including, but not limited to, export restrictions may have a material adverse impact on our intended operations. The increasing focus on the
strategic importance of AI technologies has already resulted in regulatory restrictions that target products and services capable of enabling
or facilitating AI, including semiconductors and related critical technologies, and may in the future result in additional restrictions
impacting some or all of our service offerings. Such restrictions could include additional unilateral or multilateral export controls
on certain products or technology, including, but not limited to, cloud service technologies. As geopolitical tensions have increased,
semiconductors associated with AI, including GPUs and associated products, are increasingly the focus of export control restrictions implemented
by the U.S. and its allies, and it is likely that additional unilateral or multilateral controls will be adopted. Such controls may
be very broad in scope and application, require us to obtain export licenses from government regulators, prohibit us from exporting our
services to any or all customers in one or more markets or could impose other conditions that limit our ability to provide cloud services
from or serve demand abroad and could negatively and materially impact our business, revenue, and financial results. Export controls targeting
GPUs and semiconductors associated with AI, could restrict our ability to export our technology, or services, even though competitors
may not be subject to similar restrictions, creating a competitive disadvantage for us and negatively impacting our business and financial
results. Increasing use of economic sanctions may also impact demand for our services, negatively impacting our business and financial
results. Additional unilateral or multilateral controls are also likely to include deemed export control limitations that negatively impact
the ability of our research and development teams to execute our roadmap or other objectives in a timely manner. Additional export restrictions
may not only impact our ability to serve overseas markets, but also provoke responses from foreign governments, including China, that
negatively impact our ability to provide our services to customers in all markets worldwide, which could also substantially reduce our
revenue. See “

