TICKER: XXI
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
suppliers regarding their own performance, as well as industry conditions and general financial, economic and political
instability. A decrease in the market price of our Class A Common Stock would likely adversely impact the trading price of the Convertible
Notes. The market price of Class A Common Stock could also be affected by possible sales of Class A Common Stock by investors who view
the Convertible Notes as a more attractive means of equity participation in us and by hedging or arbitrage trading activity that we expect
to develop involving Class A Common Stock. This trading activity could, in turn, affect the trading price of the Convertible Notes. Holders
who receive Class A Common Stock upon conversion of the Convertible Notes will also be subject to the risk of volatility and depressed
prices of Class A Common Stock. 62 As
a holder of the Convertible Notes, you will not be entitled to any rights with respect to the Class A Common Stock, but you will be subject
to all the changes made with respect to the Class A Common Stock. As
a holder of the Convertible Notes, you will not be entitled to any rights with respect to Class A Common Stock (including, without limitation,
voting rights and rights to receive any dividends or other distributions on Class A Common Stock), but you will be subject to all changes
affecting Class A Common Stock. You will only acquire rights with respect to our Class A Common Stock deliverable upon conversion of
your Convertible Notes on the date you are deemed to be the record holder of such shares. Such date is on the relevant Conversion Date,
if we have elected to deliver solely shares of Class A Common Stock (other than solely cash in lieu of any fractional share upon conversion
of the Convertible Notes), or on the last trading day of the applicable observation period, if we have elected to deliver cash in respect
of a portion of the conversion obligation, and only to the extent that we are obligated to deliver to you shares of Class A Common Stock
in respect of your conversion obligation. For example, in the event that an amendment is proposed to our charter or bylaws requiring
approval of holders of Class A Common Stock and the record date for determining the stockholders of record entitled to vote on the amendment
occurs prior to the date you are deemed to be the record holder of the shares of Class A Common Stock, if any, upon conversion, you will
not be entitled to vote on the amendment, although you will nevertheless be subject to any changes in the powers, preferences or special
rights relating to Class A Common Stock. In addition, because the Convertible Notes may only be converted under certain circumstances
and subject to the settlement method we elect, you may not be able to convert your Convertible Notes at any given time, and you may not
receive any shares upon conversion. The
Convertible Notes are convertible into Class A Common Stock, which will not be entitled to voting rights even after the Convertible Notes
are converted. As a result, you will be subject to all the risks associated with holding Class A Common Stock. The
Convertible Notes are convertible into Class A Common Stock (if we have elected to deliver shares of Class A Common Stock) which will
not be entitled to voting rights even after the Convertible Notes are converted. See

--- VENDORS ---
vendors of
the Company by measuring the grant date fair value of the award and recognizing the resulting expense over the period during which the
employee is required to perform service in exchange for the award. Equity-based compensation expense is only recognized for awards subject
to performance conditions if it is probable that the performance condition will be achieved. The Company accounts for forfeitures when
they occur. Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements Other
than as otherwise described in this Form 10-K, we do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have, or are reasonably likely
to have, a material current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues, expenses, results
of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. Recent
Accounting Pronouncements See
“Recent Accounting Pronouncements” described in Note 3 of our unaudited condensed financial statements included elsewhere
in this Form 10-K. Item 7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Bitcoin
market price risk Our
Bitcoin treasury assets will be measured using observed prices from active exchanges which could result in volatility in our financial
results in future periods. Adjustments are recorded in net income through “gain (loss) on digital assets” on the statements
of operations. Therefore, negative swings in the market price of Bitcoin could have a material impact on our earnings and on the carrying
value of our digital assets. Custodian
Risk The
Company’s Bitcoin is held with third-party custodians, currently Anchorage, which we select based on various factors, including
their financial strength and industry reputation. Custodian risk refers to the potential loss, theft, or misappropriation of our Bitcoin
assets due to operational failures, cybersecurity breaches, or financial difficulties experienced by these third parties. Although we
periodically monitor the financial health, insurance coverage, and security measures of our custodians, reliance on such third parties
inherently exposes us to risks that we cannot fully mitigate. We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise
required under this item. Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data The financial statements required to be filed pursuant to this Item
8 are appended to this Annual Report on Form 10-K beginning on page F-1. An index of those financial statements is found in Item 15, Exhibits
and Financial Statement Schedules, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 9.
Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. Item 9A.
Controls and Procedures Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures are controls
and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under
the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC,
and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosures. An evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2025. Based upon that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2025, due solely to the
material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to technical accounting of Restricted Stock Units and the accounting
of the PIPE Bitcoin Sale related to the Business Combination described below in “Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting.”
In light of this material weakness, we performed additional analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial statements were
prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements
included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K present fairly in all material respects our financial position, results of operations
and cash flows for the period presented. 78 Plan for Remediation To remediate the material weaknesses, management will continue to work
closely with its accounting advisors with appropriate technical expertise in U.S. GAAP and SEC reporting to improve the consistency and
accuracy of financial data and reporting processes. Management will continue to monitor the effectiveness of the remediation efforts.
However, the material weaknesses will not be considered fully remediated until the applicable controls operate effectively for a sufficient
period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are operating effectively. The elements of our remediation
plan can only be accomplished over time, and we can offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls Our management, including our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent or detect all errors
and instances of fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance
that the control system’s objectives will be met. The design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints,
and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Further, because of the inherent limitations in all control systems,
no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues
and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making
can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts
of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is
based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed
in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Projections of any evaluation of controls effectiveness to future
periods are subject to risks. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree
of compliance with policies or procedures. Management’s Report on Internal Control Over
Financial Reporting This Annual Report does not include a report of management’s
assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation report of the Company’s registered public accounting
firm due to a transition period established by rules of the SEC for newly public companies. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There have been no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2025 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting, as the material weakness related to technical accounting of Restricted Stock Units
and the accounting of the PIPE Bitcoin Sale related to the Business Combination had not yet been identified. The Company is committed
to remediating this material weakness as promptly as possible and management is in the process of implementing its remediation plan. Management
will test the ongoing operating effectiveness of the new and existing controls in future periods. The material weaknesses cannot be considered
completely remediated until the applicable procedures have operated for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through
testing, that these procedures are operating effectively. Management cannot assure you that the measures taken to date, and are continuing
to implement, will be sufficient to remediate the material weakness identified or avoid potential future material weaknesses. Item 9B.
Other Information During the three months ended December 31, 2025, none of our directors or officers adopted , modified , or terminated a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. Item 9C.
Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections Not
applicable. 79 PART
III Item 10.
Directors, Executive, Officers and Corporate Governance Directors The
following sets forth certain information, concerning the persons who currently serve as executive officers and members of the Company
Board. There is no familial relationship between any of our executive officers and directors. Name Age Title Paolo
    Ardoino 41 Director Zachary
    Lyons 35 Director Robert
    “Bo” Hines 30 Director Raphael
    Zagury 49 Director Jack
    Mallers 31 Chief
    Executive Officer, President, Director Jared
    Roscoe 43 Director Vikas
    J. Parekh 43 Director Biographical
Information Biographical
information on our directors and executive officers is set forth below. Pursuant
to the Government Agreement entered into at Closing, the Company Board is made up of seven directors, including four designated by Tether
(with at least two (2) of them qualifying as independent directors under NYSE rules), two designated by SoftBank (with at least one of
them qualifying as an independent director under NYSE rules) and the seventh being the Chief Executive Officer of Twenty One Capital.
Mr. Ardoino, Mr. Lyons, Mr. Hines and Mr. Zagury are designees of Tether. Mr. Roscoe and Mr. Parekh are designees of SoftBank. Paolo
Ardoino Paolo
Ardoino has served as a member of our Board since December 2025. He is the CEO of Tether since December 2023 and the CTO of Bitfinex.
He is a technology scientist with a background in distributed systems and cryptography. Paolo’s career journey has seen him co-found
Keet, a secure video calling app, and assume leadership positions in the cryptocurrency and tech sectors, in addition to his 10 years
of experience at Tether. He’s a driving force behind innovation in finance and technology, empowering global communications and
promoting financial freedom. At Tether, Paolo leads the global team daily, with deep focus on strategy, technology and execution. We
believe Mr. Ardoino is well suited to serve on the Company Board due to his more than 20 years’ experience in technology engineering
and research, with a strong focus on cryptography, distributed applications and decentralization, as well as his position as the CEO
of Tether, which is a majority shareholder of Twenty One Capital’s Class B Common Stock. Zachary
Lyons Zachary
Lyons has served as a member of our Board since December 2025. He is the Deputy Chief Investment Officer of Tether, where he heads Tether’s
venture investment arm. In
addition to his work with Tether over the last decade, he is also the Principal of Marlin Capital Partners, a Fund Management and Advisory
firm located in Nassau, Bahamas. Previously, he was Chief Investment Officer at BankPro Limited, where he led the development of the
investment product offering of BankPro’s “digital private banking” service. Zachary was a Senior Investment Analyst
at Deltec Bank & Trust, where he co-built the Institutional Asset Management business, and led the management of the Deltec Dynamic
Cash Management Fund. Prior to Deltec, Zachary worked as an Investment Specialist at BSI (Overseas) Bahamas branch. Zachary graduated
magna cum laude from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania with a B.Sc. in Economics, and a minor in Italian. He has been
a CFA charter holder since 2019. 80 We
believe Mr. Lyons is well suited to serve on the Company Board due to his extensive financial and capital markets experience spanning
over a decade, a vision for leading innovation and development and his position as the Deputy Chief Investment Officer of Tether. Robert
“Bo” Hines Robert
“Bo” Hines has served as a member of our Board since December 2025. He is a legal and policy expert specializing in financial
regulation, digital assets and blockchain technology. He formerly served as the Executive Director of the Presidential Council of Advisers
for Digital Assets, where he played a critical role in shaping policy and regulatory frameworks for the evolving digital economy. Mr.
Hines is currently a strategic advisor for Tether, the world’s largest issuer of stablecoins. He
earned his Bachelor of Arts degree from Yale University, where he also played as a wide receiver for the Yale Bulldogs football team.
He later obtained his Juris Doctor from Wake Forest University School of Law in 2022. With
a background in law, public policy and financial regulation, Bo has been actively involved in legal strategy, legislative affairs and
financial innovation. His expertise spans regulatory compliance, digital asset governance and the intersection of blockchain technology
with institutional finance. Prior to his current role, he worked extensively on legislative initiatives and policy development, focusing
on capital markets, financial technology and the responsible integration of blockchain solutions within regulatory frameworks. Mr.
Hines’ leadership in digital assets and financial policy continues to position him as a key voice in the future of blockchain regulation
and digital finance. We
believe Mr. Hines is well suited to serve on the Company Board due to his policy expertise and experience in shaping policy and regulatory
frameworks for the evolving digital economy, as well as his background in law and financial regulation. Raphael
Zagury Raphael
Zagury has served as a member of our Board since December 2025. He is the Chief Executive Officer and Founder of Elektron Energy, a Bitcoin
mining and energy infrastructure company. From 2023 to 2024, Mr. Zagury was Chief Investment Officer at Swan Bitcoin. Before that, he
founded One Partners, an investment bank, and co-founded OpenCo, a lending fintech, where he also served as Chief Financial Officer,
leading multiple capital raises through Series D with global investors. Earlier in his career, Mr. Zagury was based in New York City,
where he held executive and trading roles at Goldman Sachs, Merrill Lynch, and Deutsche Bank. Mr. Zagury holds an MBA from Yale University
and a B.A. in Economics from IBMEC. We
believe Mr. Zagury is well suited to serve on the Company board due to his experience in the Bitcoin space as well as his career in the
financial industry. Jack
Mallers Jack
Mallers serves as the Chief Executive Officer, President and a director of Twenty One Capital. He has served in these capacities since
December 2025. Mr. Mallers is a visionary entrepreneur and one of Bitcoin’s most influential advocates, shaping its perception
and furthering its adoption by institutions, corporations and governments. As the Founder & CEO of Strike, he built one of the world’s
leading digital payment providers built on Bitcoin’s Lightning Network, pioneering Bitcoin brokerage infrastructure and Bitcoin’s
integration into corporate balance sheets. His leadership was instrumental in El Salvador’s historic decision to become the first
nation to adopt Bitcoin as an official currency, a major milestone in sovereign Bitcoin policy. Beyond Strike, Mr. Mallers is a key advocate
for Bitcoin’s integration into global finance, engaging with institutional investors, policymakers and enterprises to accelerate
its adoption as the world’s premier monetary asset. Now, as Co-Founder & Chief Executive Officer of Twenty One, he is building
the first true Bitcoin-native public company, designed to maximize Bitcoin Per Share and redefine corporate treasury strategy for the
Bitcoin era. We
believe Mr. Mallers is well suited to serve on the Company Board due to his position as Twenty One Capital’s Chief Executive Officer,
as well as his leadership and strong advocacy for Bitcoin’s integration into global finance and years of experience in the sector. 81 Jared
Roscoe Jared
Roscoe has served as a member of our Board since December 2025. He serves as Partner, Deputy General Counsel, and Senior Advisor for
Government Affairs at SoftBank Group International, where he leads global disputes, investigations, and regulatory matters, negotiates
cross-border M&A transactions, and advises on policy and government affairs. He also serves on the boards of Stack AV, an autonomous
trucking company, and Graphcore and Ampere, AI chip developers. Prior
to joining SoftBank in 2019, Mr. Roscoe was a senior aide to U.S. Senator Mark R. Warner. He previously held senior roles at the U.S.
Department of the Treasury and worked for Congresswoman Zoe Lofgren. He began his legal career at Sullivan & Cromwell LLP, following
a clerkship with Judge Roger L. Gregory of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Mr.
Roscoe holds a B.A. from Pomona College and a J.D. from New York University School of Law. We
believe Mr. Roscoe is well suited to serve on the Company Board due to his experience in navigating regulatory and governmental affairs
both in the public and private sectors, and his extensive legal experience at SoftBank. Vikas
J. Parekh Vikas
J. Parekh has served as a member of our Board since December 2025. He is a Managing Partner at SoftBank Group International, where he
leads investments and initiatives in AI, robotics, automation, and next-generation infrastructure technologies. He serves on the board
of several leading public and private companies, including Symbotic Inc. and Autostore Holdings Ltd. Prior to joining SoftBank in 2016,
Vikas worked in private equity at KKR and at Boston Consulting Group. He holds an MBA from Harvard Business School, where he was a George
F. Baker Scholar, and an MS and BSc in Electrical & Computer Engineering from Georgia Institute of Technology. We
believe Mr. Parekh is well suited to serve on the Company Board due to his extensive business and investment experience at SoftBank,
as well as his experience serving on public company boards. Governance
of Twenty One Capital Board
Composition The
Company’s business and affairs are managed under the direction of the Company Board. Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the
Governance Agreement, all members of the Company Board are elected for a one (1) year term and may be re-elected for successive terms
without limitations. The Company Board is composed of seven (7) directors, including: ● four
                                            (4) directors designated by Tether, with at least two (2) of them qualifying as independent
                                            directors under NYSE rules; ● two
                                            (2) directors designated by SoftBank, with at least one (1) of them qualifying as an independent
                                            director under NYSE rules; and ● the
                                            President/Chief Executive Officer of Twenty One Capital. Tether
is entitled to designate, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Governance Agreement, (i) four (4) directors as long as Tether
and Bitfinex hold (in aggregate) 50% or more of the Company’s voting rights, (ii) three (3) directors as long as Tether and Bitfinex
hold (in aggregate) 30% or more of the Company’s voting rights, (iii) two (2) directors as long as Tether and Bitfinex hold (in
aggregate) 20% or more of the Company’s voting rights, (iv) one (1) director as long as Tether and Bitfinex hold (in aggregate)
10% or more of the Company’s voting rights and (v) no directors, if Tether and Bitfinex hold less than 10% of the Company’s
voting rights. SoftBank
is entitled to designate, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Governance Agreement, (a) two (2) directors as long as it holds
20% or more of the Company’s voting rights, (b) one (1) director as long as it holds 10% or more of the Company’s voting
rights and (c) no directors, if SoftBank holds less than 10% of the Company’s voting rights. 82 The
Company Board selects the chairperson of the Company Board, who exercise such powers and perform such other duties as shall be determined
from time to time by the Company Board, in accordance with the Company Organizational Documents and shall not have any special voting
rights or casting vote in the event of a tie. The Company has appointed Mr. Ardoino as the chairperson and Mr. Roscoe as lead independent
director. All
members of the Company Board shall be elected for a one-year term and may be re-elected for successive terms. Board
Meetings and Quorum A
majority of members of the Company Board constitute a quorum for the transaction of any business; provided that (a) at least two (2)
directors designated by Tether as long as Tether is entitled to designate at least two (2) directors, or one (1) director designated
by Tether as long as Tether is entitled to designate only one (1) director, (b) one (1) director designated by SoftBank as long as SoftBank
is entitled to designate one or more directors, and (c) one (1) independent director is present. If
a quorum is not met, the meeting will adjourn to a date no later than seven (7) calendar days after the date on which the meeting was
initially scheduled to be held. If a quorum is not met in the second meeting, the meeting will adjourn again for seven (7) calendar days,
and any directors present at such meeting will constitute a valid quorum; provided that they represent a majority of the members of the
Company Board. The
Company Board holds regular quarterly meetings which may be held either in person or by teleconference. Tether, Bitfinex and SoftBank
together may change the frequency of such meetings. Board
Decisions Pursuant
to the terms and conditions of the Governance Agreement, all decisions of the Company Board must be adopted by a simple majority of directors
in attendance and voting at a duly convened meeting of the Company Board, unless these decisions are 20% Reserved Matters (as defined
below) or 10% Reserved Matters (as defined below). All
decisions of the Company Board relating to the matters listed below, subject to Texas law and as set forth in the Governance Agreement,
require approval by all the directors designated by such party who holds 20% or more of the Company’s voting rights (the “20%
Reserved Matters”): ● any
                                            sale of Bitcoin by the Group, other than sales needed for the purpose of funding operations
                                            of the Company with a maximum aggregate value in any fiscal year not to exceed the lesser
                                            of (a) $1 million, and (b) ten percent (10%) of the annual operating expenses budget approved
                                            by the Board; ● approval
                                            of the terms and conditions of any financing transaction involving the Group, including any
                                            issuance of bonds, shares, rights, convertible securities or equity-linked securities; ● amendments
                                            of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Formation or Amended and Restated Bylaws or other
                                            constituent documents of the Company that are adverse to a party that holds 20% Reserved
                                            Matters rights; ● any
                                            amendment or change of the rights, preferences, privileges or powers of, or the restrictions
                                            provided for the benefit of, the shares of Company Stock; ● change
                                            in size of the Company Board; ● approval
                                            of the remuneration of the directors; ● any
                                            transaction involving a related party exceeding $100,000 in value (whether cash or in kind),
                                            individually, or $500,000 in value (whether cash or in kind), in the aggregate or any amendments
                                            or modifications thereto, waivers related thereto or non-automatic renewals thereof or any
                                            amendments or modifications to. non-automatic renewals of or waivers of any related-party
                                            agreements, contracts or arrangements that exist as of the Closing, including the Services
                                            Agreement; 83 ● any
                                            changes to decisions that require approval by the Company’s audit committee; ● any
                                            changes to material governance policies; ● any
                                            change to the jurisdiction of incorporation/organization of the Company; ● any
                                            merger or acquisition transaction with an aggregate value exceeding $1 million in aggregate
                                            transaction value or consideration; ● any
                                            declaration and issuance/payment of any dividends or buybacks; ● the
                                            selection of the Company’s independent auditor; ● any
                                            contract, arrangement or engagement involving fees paid to any financial advisory service
                                            firm, investment bank or similar firm, in each case exceeding an aggregate value of $1 million
                                            in any twelve-month (12) period; ● changes
                                            to the compensation of the initial Chief Executive Officer, initial Chief Financial Officer
                                            and initial chief compliance officer; ● the
                                            dismissal or termination of the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and chief
                                            compliance officer; and ● the
                                            appointment of any replacement of the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and
                                            chief compliance officer and any compensation determinations with respect to such replacements. All
decisions of the Company Board relating to the matters listed below, subject to Texas law and as set forth in the Governance Agreement,
require approval by all the directors designated by such party who holds 10% or more of the Company’s voting rights (the “ 10%
Reserved Matters ”): ● amendments
                                            of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Formation or Amended and Restated Bylaws or other
                                            constituent documents of the Company that are adverse to a party that holds 20% Reserved
                                            Matters rights; ● any
                                            material alteration in the nature of the Group’s business, including changes to the
                                            scope of the Company or any of its subsidiary’s asset management activities, including
                                            its management of cash and Bitcoin reserves, and any changes that would result in the Company
                                            or any subsidiary becoming an investment company; ● any
                                            sale of Bitcoin by the Group, other than sales needed for the purpose of funding operations
                                            of the Company with a maximum aggregate value in any fiscal year not to exceed the lesser
                                            of (a) $1 million, and (b) ten percent (10%) of the annual operating expenses budget approved
                                            by the Board; ● any
                                            amendment or change of the rights, preferences, privileges or powers of, or the restrictions
                                            provided for the benefit of, the shares of Company Stock; ● change
                                            in size of the Company Board; ● any
                                            transaction involving a related party exceeding $100,000 in value (whether cash or in kind),
                                            individually, or $500,000 in value (whether cash or in kind), in the aggregate, or any amendments
                                            or modifications thereto, waivers related thereto or non-automatic renewals thereof or any
                                            amendments or modifications to, non-automatic renewals of or waivers of any related-party
                                            agreements, contracts or arrangements that exist as of the Closing, including the Services
                                            Agreement; 84 ● any
                                            changes to decisions that require approval by the Company’s audit committee; ● any
                                            changes to material governance policies; ● any
                                            change to the jurisdiction of incorporation/organization of the Company; and ● any
                                            contract, arrangement or engagement involving fees paid to any financial advisory service
                                            firm, investment bank or similar firm, in each case exceeding an aggregate value of $1 million
                                            in any twelve (12) month period. Subject
to prior consultation with the Company’s audit committee, the Company Board has the authority to approve (a) the issuance of any
equity securities of the Company and (b) the incurrence or issuance of any indebtedness or debt securities by the Company. Corporate
Governance The
Company structures its corporate governance in a manner that it believes closely aligns its interests with those of its shareholders.
Notable features of this corporate governance include: ● The
                                            Company has independent director representation on its audit, compensation and nominating
                                            committees and its independent directors meet regularly in executive sessions without the
                                            presence of its corporate officers or non-independent directors; ● The
                                            Company’s audit committee is comprised entirely of “independent directors”
                                            under the NYSE rule and Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act; ● at
                                            least one of the Company’s directors qualify as an “audit committee financial
                                            expert” as defined by the SEC; and ● the
                                            Company implements a range of other corporate governance best practices, including implementing
                                            a robust director education program. Director
Independence The
Company considers each of Bo Hines, Jared Roscoe, Vikas J. Parekh and Raphael Zagury to be an “independent director,” as
defined under the rules of the NYSE or another national exchange, as applicable. Board
Committees The
Company Board directs the management of the Company’s business and affairs, as provided by Texas law, and conducts its business
through meetings of the Company Board and standing committees. Following the Closing, the Company has a standing audit committee, nominating
committee and compensation committee. In
addition, from time to time, special committees may be established under the direction of the Company Board when necessary to address
specific issues. For so long as any of Tether, Bitfinex or SoftBank holds 10% or more of the Company’s voting rights, such shareholder’s
designees will have proportionate representation on any ad hoc/special committee unless prohibited by applicable law or an actual conflict
would prevent such designee from serving on such committee. Audit
Committee Twenty
One Capital’s audit committee is responsible for, among other things: ● appointing,
                                            compensating, retaining, evaluating, terminating and overseeing its independent registered
                                            public accounting firm; ● discussing
                                            with its independent registered public accounting firm their independence from management; 85 ● reviewing,
                                            with its independent registered public accounting firm, the scope and results of their audit; ● overseeing
                                            the financial reporting process and discussing with management and its independent registered
                                            public accounting firm the quarterly and annual financial statements that its files with
                                            the SEC; ● overseeing
                                            its financial and accounting controls and compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; ● reviewing
                                            its policies on risk assessment and risk management; ● reviewing
                                            its related person policy, procedures and transactions; ● reviewing
                                            its code of conduct and ethics policy, procedures and transactions; and ● reviewing
                                            confidential anonymous submissions of concerns regarding questionable accounting, internal
                                            controls or auditing matters. In
addition to any approval required by the 20% Reserved Matters and the 10% Reserved Matters, the audit committee reviews and approves
the declaration and issuance/payments of dividends or buybacks, capital expenditures exceeding an aggregate value of USD 5 million and
perquisites. Pursuant to the Governance Agreement, the audit
committee shall consist solely of three independent directors. For so long as SoftBank holds 10% or more of the Company’s voting
rights, one of the independent directors will be designated by SoftBank; provided that for so long as SoftBank has a director designee
who is independent, such independent director designated by SoftBank shall be a member of the audit committee. The Company’s audit committee currently
consists of Jared Roscoe and Raphael Zagury with Raphael Zagury serving as interim chair. Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act and
the NYSE rules require that the Company’s audit committee must be composed entirely of independent members. The Company Board has
affirmatively determined that Jared Roscoe and Raphael Zagury each meets the definition of “independent director” for purposes
of serving on the audit committee under Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act and the NYSE rules. The audit committee is expected
to have at least three members within one year of the Closing who qualify as independent directors under the NYSE corporate governance
standards and the independence requirements of Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act. Each
member of the Company’s audit committee also meets the financial literacy requirements of the NYSE listing standards. In addition,
the Company Board has determined that Raphael Zagury qualifies as an “audit committee financial expert,” as such term is
defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company Board has adopted a written charter for the audit committee, which is available
on the Company’s website at https://investors.xxi.money/. The information on any of the Company’s websites is deemed not
to be incorporated in this Annual Report or to be part of this Annual Report. Compensation
Committee Twenty
One Capital’s compensation committee is responsible for, among other things: ● reviewing
                                            and approving the corporate goals and objectives, evaluating the performance of and reviewing
                                            and approving or recommending, as applicable, the compensation of its Chief Executive Officer
                                            and other executive officers; ● administering
                                            any incentive compensation plans of the Company approved by the Company Board; ● making
                                            recommendations to the Company Board regarding the compensation of the Company’s directors;
                                            and ● retaining
                                            and overseeing any compensation consultants. 86 Pursuant to the Governance Agreement, the compensation committee shall
consist of three independent directors. For so long as SoftBank holds 10% or more of the Company’s voting rights, one of the independent
directors will be designated by SoftBank; provided that for so long as SoftBank has a director designee who is independent, such independent
director designated by SoftBank shall be a member of the compensation committee. The
Company’s compensation committee consists of Bo Hines, Jared Roscoe and Raphael Zagury with Bo Hines serving as chair. The Company
Board has affirmatively determined that Bo Hines, Jared Roscoe and Raphael Zagury each meets the definition of “independent director”
for purposes of serving on the compensation committee under the NYSE rules, and are “non-employee directors” as defined in
Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act. The Company Board adopted a written charter for the compensation committee, which is available on the
Company’s website at https://investors.xxi.money/. The information on any of the Company’s websites is deemed not to be incorporated
in this Annual Report or to be part of this Annual Report. Nominating
& Governance Committee Twenty
One Capital’s nominating and governance committee is responsible for, among other things: ● developing
                                            the criteria and qualifications for membership on the Company Board; ● recruiting,
                                            reviewing, nominating and recommending candidates for election to the Company Board or to
                                            fill vacancies on the Company Board; and ● reviewing
                                            candidates proposed by shareholders and conducting appropriate inquiries into the background
                                            and qualifications of any such candidates. Pursuant to the Governance Agreement, the nominating and governance
committee shall consist of three independent directors. For so long as SoftBank holds 10% or more of the Company’s voting rights,
one of the independent directors will be designated by SoftBank; provided that for so long as SoftBank has a director designee who is
independent, such independent director designated by SoftBank shall be a member of the nominating and governance committee. The
Company’s nominating and governance committee consists of Bo Hines, Jared Roscoe and Raphael Zagury with Bo Hines serving as chair.
The Company Board has affirmatively determined that Bo Hines, Jared Roscoe and Raphael Zagury each meets the definition of “independent
director” under the NYSE rules. The Company Board adopted a written charter for the nominating and governance committee, which
is available on the Company’s website at https://investors.xxi.money/. The information on any of the Company’s websites is
deemed not to be incorporated in this Annual Report or to be part of this Annual Report. Risk
Oversight One
of the key functions of the Company Board is informed oversight of the Company’s risk management process. The Company Board does
not anticipate having a standing risk management committee, but rather administers this oversight function directly through the Company
Board as a whole, as well as through various standing committees of the Company Board that address risks inherent in their respective
areas of oversight. In particular, the Company Board is responsible for monitoring and assessing strategic risk exposure, and the Company’s
audit committee has the responsibility to consider and discuss the Company’s major financial risk exposures and the steps its management
will take to monitor and control such exposures, including guidelines and policies to govern the process by which risk assessment and
management is undertaken. The audit committee also monitors compliance with legal and regulatory requirements. The Company’s compensation
committee also assesses and monitors whether the Company’s compensation plans, policies and programs comply with applicable legal
and regulatory requirements. Executive
Officers Name Age Title Executive
    Officers Jack
    Mallers 31 Chief
    Executive Officer, President, Director Steven
    Meehan 61 Chief
    Financial Officer James
    Nguyen 42 General
    Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer 87 Biographical
Information Biographical
information on our executive officers, other than Jack Mallers mentioned in the section “Directors”, is set forth below. Steven
Meehan Steven
Meehan has served as the Chief Financial Officer of Twenty One Capital since December 2025. Mr. Meehan is a financial services &
management professional with 25+ years of financial and operational leadership experience spanning corporate strategy, M&A, capital
raising and financial planning and analysis. Previously, Mr. Meehan served as the CFO of Kadmon Holdings, Inc., a publicly traded life
science company, where he assisted in the development of a drug from the lab to FDA approval, and the subsequent sale for ~$2 Billion
to Sanofi. Before Kadmon, Mr. Meehan served as a partner in the Healthcare Group of Moelis & Company, leading their effort in Life
Sciences and Advanced Diagnostics. Prior to Moelis, Mr. Meehan was Head of Life Sciences within the Global Healthcare Group in the New
York office of UBS Investment Bank. During his tenure at UBS, Mr. Meehan was Chief Executive Officer of UBS Russia and the former Soviet
Union across all businesses, including securities, banking and wealth management. He
was also a member of the UBS Group’s EMEA Management Committee. Mr. Meehan also served as a Managing Director/Head of M&A and
Co-Head of Life Sciences at Scale Consulting where he provided advisory and due diligence consultancy services for private equity companies.
During his investment banking career, Mr. Meehan also held senior roles in M&A, leveraged finance and capital markets at Salomon
Smith Barney, NatWest Securities and Drexel Burnham Lambert. In addition, he has served on several healthcare boards of directors and
advisors. Mr. Meehan holds a B.S. in Business Administration/Finance from the University of Massachusetts at Lowell. James
Cong Hoan Nguyen James
Nguyen serves as General Counsel of the Company since November 2025, where he leads the Company’s legal function. Mr. Nguyen is
an experienced general counsel with prior leadership roles in the crypto and tech industries. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Nguyen
served as General Counsel at Sky Mavis, a global blockchain and technology company that pioneered the use and adoption of blockchain
technology in digital gaming and experiences. Prior to Sky Mavis, Mr. Nguyen was an executive at Robinhood serving in various leadership
roles until he departed, having last served as General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer of its crypto business. Early in his career,
Mr. Nguyen represented leading financial services and technology companies in private practice while at Morrison & Foerster. Mr.
Nguyen holds a J.D. from Berkeley Law, as well as an M.P.P. from Harvard Kennedy School and a B.A. in Economics and Political Science
from California State University San Marcos. Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports Section 16(a)
of the Exchange Act requires our directors and officers to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership of our equity securities
with the SEC. Based on the information available to us during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, we believe that all applicable
Section 16(a) reports, except one, were timely filed. A Form 4 filed on behalf of Jack Mallers to reflect the grant of time-vesting
stock options, granted on December 8, 2025, was filed late due to an administrative error. Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics; Insider Trading Policy The Company has adopted a written code of business conduct and ethics that applies to its directors, officers and employees, including its principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. A copy of the code is posted on the Company’s website at https://investors.xxi.money/. The nominating and corporate governance committee of the Company is responsible for overseeing the Code of Conduct and must approve any waivers of the Code of Conduct for employees, executive officers and directors. The audit committee is responsible for review of the Corporation’s program to monitor compliance with the Code of Conduct. In addition, the Company intends to post on Twenty One Capital’s website all disclosures that are required by law or the NYSE listing standards, or the listing standards of another national securities exchange, concerning any amendments to, or waivers from, any provision of the code. The information on any of the Company’s websites is deemed not to be incorporated in this Annual Report or to be part of this Annual Report. 88 We
also have insider trading policies and procedures that govern the purchase, sale, and other dispositions of our securities
by directors, officers, and employees. We believe these policies and procedures are reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider
trading laws, rules, and regulations and applicable listing standards. A copy of our Insider Trading Policy is filed with this Annual
Report as Exhibit 19.1. Status
as a Controlled Company Twenty
One Capital is a “controlled company” under NYSE listing standards. The Company has two classes of shares, with Class A
Common Stock having no voting rights (except as required by applicable law), while any shares of Class B Common Stock are outstanding,
and Class B Common Stock having voting rights. Only Tether, Bitfinex, SoftBank and their permitted transferees are permitted to own shares
of Class B Common Stock. Since Tether and Bitfinex together hold more than 50% of Class B Common Stock, and together beneficially own
more than 50% of Twenty One Capital’s total voting power, the Company is a controlled company under NYSE listing standards. As a controlled company, under NYSE rules, for
example, the Company is able to utilize the controlled company exemptions. Under these rules, the Company may elect to utilize exemptions
from certain of NYSE’s corporate governance requirements, as applicable. See “

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
components of an enterprise where discrete financial information is available that is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision-maker (“CODM”) in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance. The Company operates as a single operating segment. The Company’s CODM is the chief executive officer, who has ultimate responsibility for the operating performance of the Company and the allocation of resources. The CODM uses operating expenses and cash flows as the primary measure to manage the business and does not segment the business for internal reporting or decision making. Concentration of Credit Risk Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of cash accounts in a financial institution. Cash accounts in a financial institution may at times exceed the Federal Depository Insurance Corporation limit (“FDIC limit”) of $ 250,000 . Any loss incurred or a lack of access to funds held at financial institutions could have a significant adverse impact on the Company’s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. At December 31, 2025, the Company had an aggregate cash balance of $ 117,702,933 of which $ 112,073 is in excess of FDIC limit. Business Combinations The Company evaluates whether acquired net assets should be accounted for as a business combination or an asset acquisition by first applying a screen test to determine whether substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets. If so, the transaction is accounted for as an asset acquisition. If not, the Company applies its judgement to determine whether the acquired net assets meets the definition of a business by considering if the set includes an acquired input, process, and the ability to create outputs. The Company accounts for business combinations using the acquisition method when it has obtained control. The Company measures goodwill as the fair value of the consideration transferred including the fair value of any non-controlling interest recognized, less the net recognized amount of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed, all measured at their fair value as of the acquisition date. Transaction costs, other than those associated with the issuance of debt or equity securities, that the Company incurs in connection with a business combination are expensed as incurred. Any contingent consideration is measured at fair value at the acquisition date. For contingent consideration that does not meet all the criteria for equity classification, such contingent consideration is required to be recorded at its initial fair value at the acquisition date, and on each balance sheet date thereafter. Changes in the estimated fair value of liability-classified contingent consideration are recognized on the consolidated statements of operations in the period of change. When the initial accounting for a business combination has not been finalized by the end of the reporting period in which the transaction occurs, the Company reports provisional amounts. Provisional amounts are adjusted during the measurement period, which does not exceed one year from the acquisition date. These adjustments, or recognition of additional assets or liabilities, reflect new information obtained about facts and circumstances that existed at the acquisition date that, if known, would have affected the amounts recognized at that date. F- 10 The Company accounts for certain business combinations that meet the definition of a reverse recapitalization in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations, and ASC 810, Consolidation. A reverse recapitalization occurs when the legal acquirer is determined to be the accounting acquiree, and the legal acquiree is determined to be the accounting acquirer. ● No                                             goodwill or intangible assets are recorded ● The                                             transaction is treated as a capital transaction in substance ● The                                             accounting acquirer’s assets and liabilities are carried forward at their historical carrying                                             amounts ● The                                             accounting acquiree’s net assets are recognized at fair value, if applicable Cash and Cash Equivalents The Company considers all liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. As of December 31, 2025, there were no cash  equivalents. Digital Assets As a result of the adoption of ASU 2023-08, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other-Crypto Assets (Subtopic 350-60): Accounting for and Disclosure of Crypto Assets (“ASU 2023-08”), Crypto assets held for investment are initially recorded at cost and are subsequently remeasured at fair value as of each reporting period. The fair value of digital assets is measured using the period-end closing price in accordance with ASC 820. Since the digital assets are traded on a 24-hour period, the Company utilizes the price as of midnight UTC time within the Company’s principal market at the measurement date. Changes in fair value are recognized in gain (loss) on fair value of digital assets, in other income (loss) on the consolidated statement of operations. When the Company sells digital assets, gains or losses from such transactions are measured as the difference between the cash proceeds and the carrying basis of the digital assets as determined on a First In-First Out basis and are also recorded within the same line item gains (loss) on fair value of digital assets. Digital assets are classified as non current assets if the Company intends to hold the coins past one year and current assets it’s the Company expects to liquidate the coins within one year. Convertible Notes Payable For convertible debt instruments that are not considered liabilities under ASC 480 or ASC 815, the Company applies FASB ASC 470, Debt (“ASC 470”), for the accounting of such instruments, including any premiums or discounts. Debt issuance costs consist primarily of original issue discount (OID) and legal fees. These costs are netted off with the related loan and are being amortized to interest expense over the term of the related debt facilities using effective interest method. The Company may elect the fair value option for certain financial instruments that meet the required criteria under ASC 825, Financial Instruments.  Issuance fees incurred on instruments for which the fair value option was elected are not deferred and are recognized as an expense when incurred in the consolidated statement of operations. The portion of the change in fair value attributable to instrument-specific credit risk, if any, is recognized in other comprehensive income, with the remainder recognized in earnings. F- 11 Fair Value Measurements Fair value is defined as the exit price, or the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants as of the measurement date. The authoritative guidance establishes a hierarchy for inputs used in measuring fair value that maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that the most observable inputs be used when available. Observable inputs are from sources independent of the Company. Unobservable inputs reflect the Company’s assumptions about the factors market participants would use in valuing the asset or liability developed based upon the best information available in the circumstances. The categorization of financial assets and liabilities within the valuation hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The hierarchy is broken down into three levels: ● Level                                             1: Inputs are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. ● Level                                             2: Inputs include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted                                             prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, and                                             inputs (other than quoted prices) that are observable for the asset or liability, either                                             directly or indirectly. ● Level                                             3: Inputs are unobservable for the asset or liability. The carrying amounts of certain financial instruments, such as accounts payable and accrued liabilities, approximate fair value due to their relatively short maturities. Net Loss per Share Basic loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period, excluding the effects of any potential dilutive securities. Diluted loss per share is computed similar to basic loss per share except that the denominator is increased to include the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding if the potential common share equivalents had been issued and if the additional common shares were dilutive. Loss per share excludes all potential dilutive shares of common shares if their effect is anti-dilutive. For the period from March 7, 2025 (inception) to December 31, 2025, the Company’s diluted weighted-average shares outstanding is equal to basic weighted-average shares, due to the Company’s net loss position. No common stock equivalents were included in the computation of diluted net loss per share since such inclusion would have been antidilutive. At December 31, 2025, potentially dilutive securities include the stock options. Income Taxes The Company follows the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes under FASB ASC 740, which requires an asset and liability approach to financial accounting and reporting for income taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the consolidated financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that included the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. FASB ASC 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and the measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception. F- 12 Stock Based Compensation The Company complies with ASC 718 Compensation — Stock Compensation regarding shares granted to directors, officers and vendors of the Company by measuring the grant date fair value of the award and recognizing the resulting expense over the period during which the employee is required to perform service in exchange for the award. Equity-based compensation expense is only recognized for awards subject to performance conditions if it is probable that the performance condition will be achieved. The Company accounts for forfeitures when they occur. Recent Accounting Pronouncements: Recent Accounting Pronouncements, not yet adopted: ASU 2024-03, Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses (“DISE”) (“ASU 2024-03”) requires disclosures about specific types of expenses included in the expense captions presented on the face of the income statement as well as disclosure about selling expenses. ASU 2024-03 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2027, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this ASU on its financial statements and disclosures. Recent Accounting Pronouncements, adopted: In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, “Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures,” which requires disaggregated information about a reporting entity’s effective tax rate reconciliation as well as information on income taxes paid. The standard is intended to benefit investors by providing more detailed income tax disclosures that would be useful in making capital allocation decisions. The standard was effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024. Early adoption is permitted. The Company adopted this accounting pronouncement. There was no material effect on the Company’s consolidated financial statements. Note 4 — Recapitalization As outlined in Note 1, the Company entered into a Business Combination Agreement on April 22, 2025 which was consummated on December 8, 2025. Upon the consummation of the transactions on December 8, 2025 (the “Closing”), (i) CEP merged with and into CEP Merger Sub, pursuant to the Plan of Merger entered into by CEP Merger Sub, CEP and the Company (the “Plan of Merger”), with CEP Merger Sub continuing as the surviving entity (such surviving entity, the “CEP Surviving Subsidiary,” such transaction, the “CEP Merger”), as a result of which CEP Shareholders received one share of Class A common stock of the Company, par value $ 0.01 per share (“Class A Stock”) for each Class A ordinary share of CEP, par value $ 0.0001 per share (“CEP Class A Ordinary Shares”) held by such CEP Shareholder, and (ii) Twenty One Assets merged with and into CEP Merger Sub C, Inc., a Delaware corporation and an indirect subsidiary of CEP (“Company Merger Sub”), with Company Merger Sub continuing as the surviving company (such surviving company, the “Company Surviving Subsidiary,” such transaction, the “Company Merger” and the Company Merger together with the CEP Merger, the “Mergers”), as a result of which the Sellers received shares of Class A Stock and Class B common stock of the Company, par value $ 0.01 per share (“Class B Stock”) in exchange for their membership interests in Twenty One Assets. Immediately following completion of the Mergers and the other transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement (the “Business Combination”), CEP Surviving Subsidiary and Company Surviving Subsidiary became wholly owned subsidiaries of the Company and the Company became a publicly traded company, all upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Business Combination Agreement and in accordance with applicable law. In addition, on April 22, 2025, the Company and CEP entered into subscription agreements (the “Convertible Notes Subscription Agreements”) with certain investors (the “Convertible Note Investors”), who have agreed to make a private investment in the Company by purchasing 1.0 % convertible senior notes due 2030 (the “Convertible Notes”) (See Note 7). F- 13 On April 22, 2025, the Company and CEP also entered into subscription agreements (the “April Equity PIPE Subscription Agreements,” and, together with the Convertible Notes Subscription Agreements, the “April PIPE Subscription Agreements”) with certain investors (the “April Equity PIPE Investors” and together with the Convertible Note Investors, the “April PIPE Investors”), who have agreed to make a private investment in CEP by purchasing 20,000,000 CEP Class A Ordinary Shares (the “April Equity PIPE Shares”) for $ 200 million in the aggregate, which includes the value of an aggregate of 259.2396 Bitcoin (the “April In-Kind PIPE Bitcoin”) invested by certain April Equity PIPE Investors instead of cash (the “April Equity PIPE” and together with the Convertible Notes PIPE, the “April PIPE Investments”). The discrepancy from previously disclosed 347.6168 Bitcoin is due to a clerical error for an investor who had elected to subscribe in cash, not Bitcoin, at the time of signing its April Equity PIPE Subscription Agreement. At Closing, Tether contributed the difference of 88.3771 Bitcoin to Pubco for a price of $ 7.5 million, being the subscription amount of the investor mentioned above. On June 19, 2025, CEP and the Company entered into subscription agreements (the “June Equity PIPE Subscription Agreements” and, together with the April PIPE Subscription Agreements and the Sponsor PIPE Subscription Agreement, the “PIPE Subscription Agreements”) with certain investors (the “June Equity PIPE Investors,” together with the April Equity PIPE Investors and the Convertible Note Investors, the “PIPE Investors”), pursuant to which CEP agreed to issue, and the June Equity PIPE Investors agreed to purchase, 7,857,143 CEP Class A ordinary shares (the “June Equity PIPE Shares”) for an aggregate purchase price of $ 165 million ($ 21.00 per share), which includes the value of an aggregate of 132.9547 Bitcoin (the “June In-Kind PIPE Bitcoin” and together with the April In-Kind PIPE Bitcoin, the “In-Kind PIPE Bitcoin”) invested by certain June Equity PIPE Investors instead of cash (the “June Equity PIPE,” together with the April Equity PIPE, the “Equity PIPEs,” and collectively with the Convertible Notes PIPE, the “PIPE Investments”). The April Equity PIPE Investors and June Equity PIPE Investors confirmed, at the time of entering into their respective subscription agreements, the amounts, if any, that they will contribute as In-Kind PIPE Bitcoin. At the Closing, the Company issued 20,000,000 shares of Class A Stock to the April Equity PIPE Investors and 7,857,143 shares of Class A Stock to the June Equity PIPE Investors. Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, (i) Tether purchased 4,812.220927 Bitcoin (the “Initial PIPE Bitcoin”) for an aggregate purchase price of $ 458.7 million (the “Initial PIPE Net Proceeds”), being equal to the aggregate gross cash proceeds of the Initial Convertible Notes PIPE and the April Equity PIPE less a holdback of $ 52 million, and, at Closing, Tether sold the Initial PIPE Bitcoin to the Company for an amount equal to the Initial PIPE Net Proceeds, and (ii) Tether purchased 917.47360612 Bitcoin (the “Option PIPE Bitcoin”) for an aggregate purchase price of $ 99.5 million (the “Option PIPE Net Proceeds”), being equal to the gross proceeds of the Option Notes less a holdback of $ 500,000 , and, at Closing, Tether sold the Option PIPE Bitcoin to the Company at a purchase price equal to the Option PIPE Net Proceeds, in exchange for additional shares of Class A Stock and Class B Stock. On June 23, 2025, Tether, the Company, SoftBank and, solely for certain limited purposes, CEP, entered into a sale and purchase agreement (the “June PIPE Bitcoin Sale and Purchase Agreement”), pursuant to which Tether has purchased 1,381.15799423 Bitcoin (the “June PIPE Bitcoin” and together with the Initial PIPE Bitcoin and the Option PIPE Bitcoin, the “PIPE Bitcoin”) for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $ 147.5 million (the “June PIPE Net Proceeds”) being the aggregate gross cash proceeds of the June Equity PIPE less a holdback of $ 3.3 million. At the closing of the Business Combination and upon the funding of the June Equity PIPE, the Company purchased from Tether the June PIPE Bitcoin for an aggregate price equal to the June PIPE Net Proceeds. The sale of the Initial PIPE Bitcoin, the Option PIPE Bitcoin and the June PIPE Bitcoin by Tether to the Company are referred to herein as the “PIPE Bitcoin Sale.” The Company paid $ 713,199,992 and recorded a loss on the purchase of $ 61,234,873 which is included in loss on sale of derivatives on the consolidated statement of operations. Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, Tether agreed to purchase a number of Bitcoin equal to the Additional PIPE Bitcoin, if the sum of the Initial PIPE Bitcoin and the Option PIPE Bitcoin is less than 10,500 Bitcoin. Tether purchased the Additional PIPE Bitcoin and immediately prior to Closing, Tether contributed the Additional PIPE Bitcoin to the Company at Closing (such contribution, the “Additional PIPE Bitcoin Sale”) in exchange for additional shares of Class A Stock and Class B Stock. Contemporaneously with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, Tether, Bitfinex and Twenty One Assets entered into a Contribution Agreement (the “Contribution Agreement”), pursuant to which, immediately prior to the Closing, Tether and Bitfinex will contribute to Twenty One Assets 24,500 Bitcoin and 7,000 Bitcoin, respectively, in exchange for an aggregate contribution of 31,500 Bitcoin (i) in the case of Tether, 208 class A common membership interests of Twenty One Assets (“Twenty One Assets Class A Interests”) and 208 class A common membership interests of Twenty One Assets (“Twenty One Assets Class B Interests”), and (ii) in the case of Bitfinex, 59 Twenty One Assets Class A Interests and 59 Twenty One Assets Class B Interests. Concurrently with the signing of the Business Combination Agreement, (i) CEP, the Company and Cantor EP Holdings, LLC (the “Sponsor”) entered into the sponsor support agreement (as amended by Amendment No. 1 to Sponsor Support Agreement, dated as of June 25, 2025, the “Sponsor Support Agreement”), pursuant to which, among other matters described below, the Company and Sponsor agreed to enter into a Securities Exchange Agreement (the “Securities Exchange Agreement”) at Closing (See Note 7). At Closing, total Convertible Notes issued were $ 486.5 million. F- 14 The Sponsor Support Agreement also provides that, among other things, (i) the Sponsor will vote its CEP Class A Ordinary Shares, and its Class B ordinary shares of CEP, par value $ 0.0001 per share (“CEP Class B Ordinary Shares” and, together with the CEP Class A Ordinary Shares, the “CEP Ordinary Shares”) in favor of the adoption and approval of the Business Combination Agreement and the Business Combination and each of the other proposals to be approved by CEP Shareholders at the Meeting (the “CEP Shareholder Approval Matters”), (ii) the Sponsor will vote its CEP Ordinary Shares against any alternative transactions, (iii) the Sponsor will comply with the restrictions imposed by the letter agreement, dated as of August 12, 2024, by and among CEP, the Sponsor and the then current directors and executive officers of CEP (the “Insider Letter”), including with respect to the restrictions on transfer and redemption of CEP Ordinary Shares in connection with the Business Combination, (iv) prior to the Closing, the Sponsor will amend the Insider Letter to reduce the post-Closing lock-up period applicable to the shares of Class A Stock received by the Sponsor in exchange for its CEP Class B Ordinary Shares (the “Founder Shares”) from 12 months to six months , and (v) subject to and conditioned upon the Closing, any loans outstanding from the Sponsor to CEP shall be repaid as follows: (a) with respect to the amended and restated promissory note, dated November 5, 2024, and effective as of August 12, 2024 (the “Sponsor Loan”), the aggregate amount owed by CEP, as set forth on the pre-Closing statement to be delivered by CEP prior to the Closing (the “CEP Pre-Closing Statement”), will be automatically converted, immediately prior to the CEP Merger, into CEP Class A Ordinary Shares at $ 10.00 per share, and that upon the issuance and delivery of such CEP Class A Ordinary Shares to the Sponsor, the Sponsor Loan will be deemed satisfied in full, provided, however, that the portion of the Sponsor Loan that is drawn by or on behalf of CEP to pay for any fees, costs or expenses of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) or Nasdaq pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement will be repaid in cash at the Closing in accordance with the Business Combination Agreement and (b) with respect to all other loans of the Sponsor to CEP, all amounts outstanding thereunder as of the Closing, as set forth on the CEP Pre-Closing Statement, will be repaid in cash at the Closing in accordance the Business Combination Agreement. On June 25, 2025, the Company, CEP and the Sponsor entered into the Sponsor Support Agreement Amendment, pursuant to which the Sponsor has agreed to forfeit a number of CEP Class A Ordinary Shares it receives upon conversion of its CEP Class B Ordinary Shares so that such number of CEP Class A Ordinary Shares retained by the Sponsor equals the lesser of (a) 25 % of the sum of the number of Public Shares not subject to redemption in connection with the Closing and the number of CEP Class A Ordinary Shares issued in the Equity PIPE and (b) the sum of (i) 7,084,804 and (ii) 1.5 % of the gross proceeds received by the Company and CEP pursuant to the April PIPE Investments, divided by $ 10.00 . Contemporaneously with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, Tether and SoftBank entered into a sale and purchase agreement, as amended and restated on June 23, 2025, pursuant to which, among other things, immediately following the Closing, Tether transferred to SoftBank an equal number of shares of Class A Stock and Class B Stock, and SoftBank paid Tether consideration calculated based on a formula described thereunder. On April 22, 2025, along with the Business Combination Agreement, Tether, Bitfinex and SoftBank entered into the Governance Term Sheet, which set out the main terms upon which the Company will prepare the Proposed Organizational Documents, which will be adopted at or prior to Closing. At Closing, Tether, Bitfinex and SoftBank entered into the Governance Agreement, which implements the terms of the Governance Term Sheet. Pursuant to the Governance Agreement, the Company issued two (2) classes of shares of common stock of the Company, with different voting and economic rights attached to them. The shares of Class A Stock have no voting rights other than as required by applicable law, until all shares of Class B Stock are canceled, whereas, holders of shares of Class B Stock are entitled to one vote per share. Once all shares of Class B Stock are canceled, holders of Class A Stock will acquire full voting rights. Holders of Class A Stock will be entitled to receive distributions in proportion to the number of shares of Class A Stock held by them, whereas, holders of Class B Stock will not have any economic rights. In addition, the shares of Class A Stock will be listed for trading and will be freely transferable, subject to the terms of the Lock-Up Agreements, the Insider Letter and any restrictions pursuant to applicable laws. The shares of Class B Stock will not be listed or freely transferable, except to Affiliates. The parties agreed to take all necessary action so that effective as of the Closing, the board of directors of the Company will consist of seven individuals, six of which are to be designated by the Sellers and SoftBank, with the final director to be the chief executive officer of the Company. F- 15 On July 26, 2025, the parties to the Business Combination Agreement entered into Amendment No. 1 to the Business Combination Agreement, which amends the Business Combination Agreement, among other things, to provide that the Additional PIPE Bitcoin Purchase Price used to determine the value of Tether’s contribution of the Additional PIPE to the Company at the Closing and the number of shares of Class A Stock and Class B Stock to be issued to Tether at the Closing in exchange for the sale of the Additional PIPE Bitcoin by Tether to the Company shall be $ 84,863.57 , which is equal to the average Bitcoin price for the ten-day period ending April 21, 2025, the day prior to the date of the Business Combination Agreement (the “Signing Bitcoin Price”), rather than on the aggregate amount Tether paid to purchase the Additional PIPE Bitcoin. Concurrently with the Closing, Tether, Bitfinex and SoftBank each entered into a Lock-Up Agreement with the Company, pursuant to which each Seller and SoftBank agreed that the shares of Class A Stock received by each Seller and the shares of Class A Stock transferred by Tether to SoftBank will be locked-up and subject to transfer restrictions, as described below, subject to certain exceptions. Concurrently with the Closing, CEP, the Company, the Sponsor, each Seller and SoftBank entered into an Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement that amended and restated the registration rights agreement, dated as of August 12, 2024, by and between CEP and the Sponsor. Concurrently with the Closing, the Company and Tether entered into a Services Agreement, pursuant to which Tether agreed to provide, or cause to be provided, certain services to the Company and its subsidiaries in exchange for a services fee in the amount of $ 30,000 per calendar quarter or such other amount as may be agreed by the parties thereto. Each holder of shares of Class A Stock have no voting rights except as required by the Texas Business Organizations Code (“TBOC), until all shares of Class B Stock are canceled. Once all shares of Class B Stock are canceled, holders of Class A Stock will acquire full voting rights. Each holder of shares of Class B Stock will be entitled to one vote for each share of Class B Stock held of record by such holder on all matters on which stockholders are generally entitled to vote. The price per share of Class A Stock is $ 10.00 per share for (i) Public Shareholders, (ii) the April Equity PIPE Investors, (iii) the Sponsor and its Affiliates, (iv) the directors and officers of CEP, (v) the Sellers and (vi) SoftBank, and $ 21.00 per share for the June Equity PIPE Investors. The value of the consideration that the Public Shareholders are each receiving in connection with the Business Combination is thus $ 10.00 per share. F- 16 The Business Combination was accounted for as a reverse recapitalization, in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Under this method of accounting, CEP was treated as the acquired company for financial reporting purposes, and Twenty One Assets was the accounting acquirer. Accordingly, the Business Combination was treated as the equivalent of Twenty One Assets issuing stock for the net assets of CEP, accompanied by a recapitalization. The net assets of CEP were stated at historical cost, with no goodwill or other intangible assets recorded. Operations prior to the Business Combination were those of Twenty One Assets combined with the Company. Transaction Proceeds Upon closing of the Reverse Recapitalization, the Company received gross proceeds of $ 81,874,382 from the Reverse Recapitalization. The following table reconciles the elements of the Reverse Recapitalization to the consolidated statements of cash flows and the consolidated statement of changes stockholders’ equity the period from March 7, 2025 (inception) to December 31, 2025. Cash-trust and cash, net of redemptions $ 106,014,455 Less: transaction costs paid ( 23,757,573 ) Net payout in Reverse Recapitalization 82,256,882 Add: Prepaid assets acquired 9,250,000 Reverse Recapitalization, net $ 91,506,882 The number of shares of Common Stock issued immediately following the consummation of the Reverse Recapitalization were: CEP Class A common     stock, outstanding prior to the Recapitalization 13,839,847 Less:     Redemption of CEP Class A common stock ( 1,596 ) Class A common stock of CEP 13,838,251 CEP Class B common stock,     outstanding prior to the Recapitalization - Reverse     Recapitalization shares 13,838,251 Cancellation of Class B Common     Stock ( 10,000 ) Shares issued in connection     to PIPE subscriptions 27,857,143 Twenty     One Capital, Inc Shares 609,705,518 Common     Stock immediately after the Recapitalization 651,390,912 The number of Twenty One Capital Inc.’s shares was determined as follows: Twenty     One Assets Units Twenty     One Capital Inc. Shares Class A Common     Stock 267 304,852,759 Class     B Common Stock 267 304,852,759 Total 534 609,705,518 In exchange, each unit of Twenty One Assets was converted into 1,141,771 shares of the Company’s common stock. F- 17 Note 5 — Other Non Current Assets On April 23, 2025, the Company and CEP entered into a letter agreement (the “Letter Agreement”) with Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. (“CF&Co.”) Pursuant to the Letter Agreement, during the 24 months after April 23, 2025, the Company may engage CF&Co. to provide capital markets advisory or other non-financial advisory services up to $ 9,250,000 . In return for these future services, the Company prepaid CF&Co. for those services at the close of the Reverse Recapitalization. For the period from the execution of the agreement to December 31, 2025, CF&Co. did not incur any expenses under this agreement. The balance of $ 9,250,000 is included in other non current assets at December 31, 2025 on the consolidated balance sheet. Note 6 — Digital Assets At the close of the Reverse Recapitalization, the Company held 43,514 Bitcoins pursuant to the April and June Equity Pipe Subscription Agreements, Convertible Notes Subscription Agreements and the Contribution Agreements (See Note 4). The following table presents the Company’s significant crypto currencies holdings as of December 31, 2025: The following table presents the Company’s significant crypto currencies holdings as of December 31, 2025: Unit Cost Basis Fair Value Bitcoin 43,515 $ 3,692,852,376 $ 3,799,545,125 43,515 $ 3,692,852,376 $ 3,799,545,125 The following table presents the Company’s significant crypto currencies movements for the period March 7, 2025 to December 31, 2025: Number Amount Balance at March 7, 2025 (inception) - $ - Contribution of digital assets by the Sellers 35,922 3,253,173,054 PIPE Investors 392 35,517,275 Purchase of digital assets 7,201 713,289,422 Loss on purchase of Bitcoin - ( 61,234,873 ) Change in fair value - ( 141,199,753 ) Balance at December 31, 2025 43,515 $ 3,799,545,125 The vast majority of the Company’s assets are concentrated in its Bitcoin holdings. Bitcoin is a digital asset, which is a novel asset class that is subject to significant legal, commercial, regulatory and technical uncertainty. Additionally, the price of bitcoin has historically experienced significant price volatility, and a significant decrease in the price of bitcoin would adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and results of operations. The Company’s strategy of acquiring and holding bitcoin also exposes it to counterparty risks with respect to the custody of its bitcoin, cybersecurity risks, and other risks inherent to holding a digital asset. In particular, the Company is subject to the risk that, if its private keys with respect to its digital assets are lost or destroyed or other similar circumstances or events occur, the Company may lose some or all of its digital assets, which could materially adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and results of operations. Since digital assets are virtual and transactions in such currencies reside on distributed networks, governance of the underlying distributed network could be adversely altered should any individual or group obtain 51 % control of the distributed network. Such control could have a significant adverse effect on either the ownership or value of the digital asset. Crypto assets are not insured or protected under the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (“FDIC”) or the Securities Investor Protection Company (“SIPC”). Accordingly, with respect to its Bitcoin investment, the Company does not enjoy the protections of other assets covered by the FDIC or SIPC. F- 18 Note 7 — Convertible Notes Payable As outlined in Note 4, on April 22, 2025, the Company and CEP entered into subscription agreements (the “Convertible Notes Subscription Agreements”) with certain investors (the “Convertible Note Investors”), who have agreed to make a private investment in the Company by purchasing 1.0 % convertible senior notes due 2030 (the “Convertible Notes”) with an aggregate principal amount of $ 340.2 million (the “Subscription Notes” and such subscription, the “Initial Convertible Notes PIPE” and together with the option for the Option Notes (as defined below), the exchange for the Exchange Notes (as defined below) and any issuance of the Engagement Letter Notes (as defined below), the “Convertible Notes PIPE”). Pursuant to the Convertible Notes Subscription Agreements, the Company granted the Convertible Note Investors an option to purchase up to an aggregate of $ 100 million additional principal amount of Convertible Notes (the “Option Notes”) at any time before May 22, 2025 (the “Option Period”) on a pro rata basis based on such Convertible Note Investor’s participation in the Initial Convertible Notes PIPE, which Option Notes were fully subscribed for by the Convertible Note Investors and the Sponsor (the “Option”). In connection therewith, on May 22, 2025, the Sponsor entered into a subscription agreement (the “Sponsor Convertible Notes Subscription Agreement”) on substantially the same terms as the Convertible Notes Subscription Agreements with respect to its pro rata allotment of the Option Notes. At the Closing, the Company issued $ 486.5 million of Convertible Notes to the Convertible Notes Investors and the Sponsor. Concurrently with the signing of the Business Combination Agreement, (i) CEP, the Company and Cantor EP Holdings, LLC (the “Sponsor”) entered into the sponsor support agreement (as amended by Amendment No. 1 to Sponsor Support Agreement, dated as of June 25, 2025, the “Sponsor Support Agreement”), pursuant to which, among other matters described below, the Company and Sponsor agreed to enter into a Securities Exchange Agreement (the “Securities Exchange Agreement”) at Closing, pursuant to which Sponsor will exchange a number of its shares of Class A Common Stock as determined in accordance with the Securities Exchange Agreement (the “Exchange Shares”) in exchange for Convertible Notes (the “Exchange Notes”) equal in value to the product of (1) the total number of the Exchange Shares multiplied by (2) $ 10.00 per share, and (ii) the Company, CEP and CF&Co. entered into an engagement letter (as amended by the amendment thereto, dated as of June 25, 2025, the “PIPE Engagement Letter”), pursuant to which, among other matters, CF&Co. may receive Convertible Notes (the “Engagement Letter Notes”), such that the aggregate principal value of the Engagement Letter Notes and the Exchange Notes is equal to the sum of (i) 1.5 % of the value of the Bitcoin to be contributed by Tether and Bitfinex pursuant to the Contribution Agreement (as defined below), (ii) 1.5 % of the gross proceeds received by the Company and CEP pursuant to the April PIPE Investments, subject to certain adjustments and (iii) $ 98,963 in additional consideration. At Closing, the Sponsor exchanged 4,630,000 shares of Class A Stock for Exchange Notes with an aggregate principal amount of $ 46,300,000 and CF&Co. did not receive any Engagement Letter Notes. With the inclusion of the Subscription Notes, Option Notes, Exchange Notes and Engagement Letter Notes, the total aggregate principal value of the Convertible Notes at the Closing of the Reverse Recapitalization was $ 486.5 million. F- 19 Convertible Note Investors has the right, at their option, during certain periods and upon the occurrence of certain conditions prior to the close of business on the second trading day immediately preceding the maturity date of the Convertible Notes, to convert any Convertible Note or portion thereof that is $ 1,000 or an integral multiple thereof, into cash, shares of Common Stock or a combination of cash and shares of Common Stock, as applicable, at the conversion rate equal to the Convertible Note amount divided by $ 10 ( the “Conversion Price”) multiples by 130 % (the “Conversion Premium”). The Convertible Notes are accounted for as a single liability measured at amortized costs. The transaction costs of $ 2,201,000 related to issuance of the Convertible Notes are capitalized to the carrying amount of the Convertible Notes and presented as a direct deduction from the debt liability. The transaction costs are amortized into expenses based on the effective interest rate method. The effective interest rate related to the Convertible Notes is 1.09 % . For the period from March 7, 2025 to December 31, 2025, $ 319,890 of interest expenses and $ 27,591 of amortized debt issuance costs are included in interest expense on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. At December 31, 2025, the Convertible Notes balance of $ 484,326,591 on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet, includes $ 2,173,409 of unamortized debt issuance costs. At December 31, 2025, total unpaid interest expense of $ 319,890 is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses on the accompanying balance sheet. Note 8 — Related Party Transactions During the period from March 7, 2025 (inception) to December 31, 2025 and prior to the Closing, Twenty One Assets advanced a total of $ 15,600 to cover operating costs. These amounts were due on demand. At the Close of the Reverse Recapitalization, the balance of $ 15,600 was assumed and at December 31, 2025, the balance of $ 15,600 is eliminated in consolidation. Note 9 — Fair Value Measurement The fair value of the Company’s financial assets and liabilities reflects management’s estimate of amounts that the Company would have received in connection with the sale of the assets or paid in connection with the transfer of the liabilities in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. In connection with measuring the fair value of its assets and liabilities, the Company seeks to maximize the use of observable inputs (market data obtained from independent sources) and to minimize the use of unobservable inputs (internal assumptions about how market participants would price assets and liabilities). The following fair value hierarchy is used to classify assets and liabilities based on the observable inputs and unobservable inputs used in order to value the assets and liabilities: Level 1: Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. An active market for an asset or liability is a market in which transactions for the asset or liability occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis. Level 2: Observable inputs other than Level 1 inputs. Examples of Level 2 inputs include quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities and quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets that are not active. Level 3: Unobservable inputs supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. F- 20 The following table presents information about the Company’s assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31, 2025 and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation inputs the Company utilized to determine such fair value. Total     fair value Quoted     Prices in Active Markets Significant     Other Observable Inputs Significant     Other Unobservable Inputs (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3) December 31, 2025 Assets: Digital Assets $ 3,799,545,125 $ 3,799,545,125 — — Note 10 — Stockholder’s Equity Preferred Stock — The Company is authorized to issue 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $ 0.01 per share, with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company’s board of directors. As of December 31, 2025 there were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. Class A Common Stock — The Company is authorized to issue 5,000,000,000 shares of Class A common stock with par value of $ 0.01 each. As of December 31, 2025, there were 346,548,153 shares of Class A Common Stock issued and outstanding. Class B Common Stock — The Company is authorized to issue 500,000,000 shares of Class B common stock with par value of $ 0.01 each. As of December 31, 2025, there were 304,842,759 shares of Class B Common Stock issued and outstanding. Stock Options On December 8, 2025, the Company entered into two employment agreements, pursuant to which the Company granted 13,120,888 options to employees with vesting periods of 4 or 5 years, respectively and exercise price of $ 14.43 , of which 6,089,634 were time based and 7,031,254 were performance based. The options has vesting periods of 4 years and 5 years and expire in 10 years. The performance conditions were not met at December 31, 2025 and therefore no stock based compensation was expensed on these options. For the period March 7, 2025 to December 31, 2025, total stock-based compensation related to the time based options was $ 10,493,658 and included in general and administrative expense on the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. The assumptions used in the Black-Scholes model are set forth in the table immediately below: December 8, 2025 Exercise     price $ 14.43 Risk-free     interest rate 3.81 % Volatility 90.0 % Expected     life (years) 7.00 Dividend     yield 0.0 % F- 21 The following is an analysis of the stock option grant activity: Number Weighted Average Exercise Price Weighted Average Remaining Life Outstanding at March 7, 2025 - $ - $ - Granted 13,120,888 14.43 4.18 Expired - - - Exercised - - - Outstanding at December 31, 2025 13,120,888 $ 14.43 $ 4.18 At December 31, 2025, the outstanding options had no intrinsic value and no options were vested and exercisable. The weighted average fair value of options granted for the period from March 7, 2025 inception to December 31, 2025 was $ 11.5 . The Company will recognize the remaining total stock-based compensation of $ 59,464,057 in future periods as follows: Year Amount 2026 $ 13,991,544 2027 13,991,544 2028 13,991,544 2029 13,991,544 Thereafter 3,497,881 Total $ 59,464,057 Note 11 — Income Tax The Company’s net deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2025 are as follows: December 31, 2025 Deferred tax assets: Stock based compensation $ 12,117 Change in fair value of digital assets 29,651,948 Loss on purchase of Bitcoin 12,859,323 Net operating loss carryforwards 926,316 Total deferred tax assets 43,449,705 Valuation allowance ( 43,449,705 ) Deferred tax assets, net valuation allowance - F- 22 As of December 31, 2025, the Company had federal net operating loss carryforwards of $ 4,411,028 which may be available to reduce future taxable income, and may be carried forward indefinitely. At December 31, 2025, the Company had no available state operating loss carryforwards no general business tax credit carryforwards available to reduce future tax liabilities. In accordance with FASB ASC Topic 740, Accounting for Income Taxes, the Company has evaluated the positive and negative evidence bearing upon the realizability of its deferred tax assets, which are comprised principally of net operating loss carryforwards, change in fair value of digital assets and share-based compensation. The Company has determined that it is more likely than not that the Company will not recognize the benefits of federal and state deferred tax assets and, as a result, a full valuation allowance of $ 43,449,705 has been established at December 31, 2025. A reconciliation of the federal income tax rate to the Company’s effective tax rate is as follows: December 31, 2025 Pre-tax book loss $ ( 217,339,312 ) U.S. federal statutory income tax rate $ ( 45,641,256 ) 21.0 % State tax benefit (expense), net of federal benefit - 0.0 % Stock based compensation 2,191,551 ( 1.0 )% Change in valuation allowance ( 43,449,705 ) ( 20.0 )% Income tax provision $ - 0.0 The Company had no unrecognized tax benefits or related interest and penalties accrued for the period March 7, 2025 (inception) to December 31, 2025. The Company did not make any payments of income taxes to any state for the period from March 7, 2025 (inception) to December 31, 2025. The Company is subject to U.S. federal income tax and Texas state income tax. The statute of limitations for assessment by the IRS and state tax authorities is open for the tax year 2025; currently, no federal or state income tax returns are under examination by the respective taxing authorities. In July 2025, the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (Public Law 119-21) was enacted. The Company recognized the income tax effects of the legislation in the period of enactment in accordance with ASC 740. The legislation did not have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements for the period from March 7, 2025 (inception) to December 31, 2025. The Company will continue to evaluate the impact of the legislation on future periods. Note 12 — Commitments and Contingencies The Company enters into contractual relationships that contain many indemnification provisions in its normal course of business with other parties. The Company may agree to hold other parties harmless against specific losses, such as those that could arise from a breach of representation, covenant, or third party infringement claims. It may not be possible to determine the maximum potential amount of liability under such indemnification agreements due to the unique facts and circumstances that are likely to be involved in each particular claim and indemnification provision. Historically, there have been no such indemnification claims. Management believes any liability arising from these agreements will not be material to the Company’s financial statements. The Company may from time to time be involved in legal proceedings, legal actions, and claims arising in the normal course of business, including proceedings relating to intellectual property, safety and health, employment and other matters. Management believes that the outcome of such legal proceedings, legal actions, and claims will not have a significant adverse effect, individually, or in the aggregate, on the Company’s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. True-up restricted stock options As outlined in Note 10, the Company entered into two employment agreements with officers on December 8, 2025. Pursuant to the employment agreements, the officers are entitled to true-up restricted stock units (the “True-up RSUs”) if the fair market value of the shares of class A common stock of the Company on grant date of the options is higher than the April 22, 2025 stock price of CEP. At December 31, 2025, the officers were entitled to 3,464,351 True-up RSUs which were not granted at that date. F- 23 Note 13 — Segment Information ASC Topic 280, Segment Reporting, establishes standards for companies to report in their financial statement information about operating segments, products, services, geographic areas, and major customers. Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise that engage in business activities from which it may recognize revenues and incur expenses, and for which separate financial information is available that is regularly evaluated by the Company’s CODM, or group, in deciding how to allocate resources and assess performance. The Company’s CODM has been identified as the Chief Executive Officer , who reviews the assets, operating results, and financial metrics for the Company as a whole to make decisions about allocating resources and assessing financial performance. Accordingly, management has determined that there is only one reportable segment. The CODM assesses performance for the single segment and decides how to allocate resources based on net loss that also is reported on the statements of operations as net loss. As the Company is in the start-up phase, the CODM currently reviews operating expenses to manage and forecast cash to ensure enough capital is available to achieve its business plan over the short-term period (less than a year). The CODM also reviews operating expenses to manage, maintain and enforce all contractual agreements to ensure costs are aligned with all agreements and budget . All of the Company’s operating expenses, which consist of general and administrative expenses, relate to this single operating segment as reported on the statement of operations, and are the significant segment expenses provided to the CODM on a regular basis. For     the period from March 7, 2025 (inception) to December 31, 2025 General and administrative $ 14,087,675 Marketing and advertising $ 469,530 Total other expense, net $ 202,782,107 Note 14 — Subsequent Events The Company evaluated subsequent events and transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date up to the date that the consolidated financial statements were issued. Based upon this review, the Company did not identify subsequent events, except as stated below, that would have required adjustment or disclosure in the consolidated financial statements. Modifications to CFO Option Award Agreement As previously disclosed in Note 10, on December 8, 2025, the Company entered into employment agreements with officers including the CFO (the “CFO Employment Agreement”). Pursuant to the CFO Employment Agreement, on December 8, 2025, the CFO and the Company entered into an option award agreement, where the CFO received an award (the “CFO Initial Award”) of stock options to purchase 941,620 shares of  Class A common stock of the Company, par value $ 0.01 per share (“Class A Common Stock”), with an exercise price of $ 14.43 per share (the “Prior Option Award Agreement”). F- 24 On January 2, 2026, the CFO and the Company entered into a new option award agreement (the “CFO Amended Option Award Agreement”), which superseded and replaced the Prior Option Award Agreement. Pursuant to the CFO Amended Option Award Agreement, on January 2, 2026, the CFO received an award of stock options to purchase 970,201 shares of Class A Common Stock, with an exercise price of $ 14.43 per share (such award, the “CFO Amended Award”). Of the CFO Amended Award, options covering 796,951 shares of Class A Common Stock are subject to service-based vesting conditions (such portion of the CFO Amended Award, the “CFO Time-Based Award”), and options covering 173,250 shares of Class A Common Stock are subject to both performance-based vesting conditions and service-based vesting conditions (such portion of the CFO Amended Award, the “CFO Performance-Based Award”). The CFO Time-Based Award will vest as follows: (x) 25 % of the CFO Time-Based Award will vest on April 1, 2026, and (y) the remaining 75 % of the CFO Time-Based Award will vest quarterly in equal installments between April 1, 2026 and April 1, 2029, in each case, subject to the CFO’s continued employment through the applicable vesting date. The CFO Performance-Based Award will vest annually in 4 equal tranches on each of the first 4 anniversaries of April 1, 2025, starting on April 1, 2026, and each such tranche will vest subject to (x) the CFO’s continued employment through the applicable performance vesting date; and (y) the satisfaction of each of the following performance conditions during the applicable vesting year, as determined by the Board in good faith: (i) the annual operating budget of the Company shall be within 10% of estimates as approved by the Board; (ii) the Company shall have an unqualified audit of financials, and an unqualified internal controls audit; (iii) there is no loss or misappropriation of, or loss of access to, the Company’s or its subsidiaries’ digital assets (including any digital assets held by a custodian or other third-party on behalf of the Company or its subsidiaries), excluding a loss or loss of access where the Board’s actions materially contributed to such loss or loss of access; and (iv) the growth rate in Bitcoin per share of Class A Common Stock on a fully diluted basis is at least 15 % between the Closing Date and the applicable performance vesting date. In the event that the CFO is terminated by the Company without cause or if the CFO resigns for good reason, the CFO will be entitled to exercise the portion of the CFO Amended Award that has vested as of such termination, to the extent not exercised, in accordance with the CFO Amended Option Award Agreement. The remaining portion of the CFO Amended Award will be canceled and forfeited as of the termination date, with no consideration to the CFO. In the event that a change in control occurs, and the CFO Amended Award, to the extent outstanding, is not assumed or substituted in connection therewith by the successor of the Company, the CFO Amended Award will vest in full and become exercisable immediately prior to the consummation of the change in control. F- 25

