TICKER: XYZ
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain, products, and services. We cannot provide assurances that our preventative efforts against such incidents will be successful. A prolonged interruption in the availability or reduction in the speed or other functionality of our products or services could materially harm our reputation and business. Frequent, persistent or significant interruptions in our products and services could cause customers to believe that our products and services are unreliable, leading them to switch to our competitors or to avoid our products and services, and could permanently harm our reputation and business. Moreover, to the extent that any system failure or similar event results in damages to customers or contractual counterparties, these customers and contractual counterparties could seek compensation from us for their losses, and those claims, even if unsuccessful, would likely be time-consuming and costly for us to address. A significant natural or man-made disaster could have a material and adverse impact on our business. Certain of our offices and data center facilities are located in the San Francisco Bay Area, a region known for seismic activity. Despite any precautions we may take, the occurrence of a natural disaster or other unanticipated problems at our offices or data centers could result in lengthy interruptions in our services or could result in related liabilities. We do not maintain insurance sufficient to compensate us for the potentially significant losses that could result from disruptions to our services. Significant natural or other disasters, including pandemics, and severe weather events such as storms, flooding, or wildfires could also have a material and adverse impact on our sellers or other customers, which, in the aggregate, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The theft, loss, or destruction of private keys required to access the bitcoin we hold on behalf of ourselves and other parties, such as our customers and our trading partners, may be irreversible, and any failure to safeguard such bitcoin could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. We hold bitcoin on behalf of ourselves and other parties such as our customers and our trading partners. Bitcoin can be accessed by the possessor of the unique cryptographic keys relating to the digital wallet in which the bitcoin is held. While the bitcoin and blockchain ledger require a public key relating to a digital wallet to be published when used in a transaction, private keys must be safeguarded and kept private in order to prevent a third-party from accessing the bitcoin held in such digital wallet. To the extent any of our private keys are lost, destroyed, or otherwise compromised and no backup of such private key is accessible, we will be unable to access the bitcoin we hold on behalf of ourselves and other parties. The vast majority of bitcoin we hold for ourselves and our customers is held in offline and air-gapped cold storage. To facilitate transactions, we hold a small portion of bitcoin in a networked hot wallet. At times, we may also utilize third-party custodians to custody our bitcoin or a portion of the bitcoin held for our customers on our behalf. Any inappropriate access or theft of bitcoin held by us or any third-party custodian, or the third-party custodian’s failure to maintain effective controls over the custody and other settlement services provided to us, could materially and adversely affect us. Although we have taken steps to mitigate the potential risk of loss for the bitcoin we hold on behalf of ourselves and other parties, including holding insurance coverage specifically for certain bitcoin incidents, we cannot provide assurance that the digital wallets used to store our and other parties’ bitcoin will not be hacked or compromised. The bitcoin and blockchain ledger, as well as other cryptocurrencies and blockchain technologies, have been, and may in the future be, subject to security breaches or incidents, hacking, or other malicious activities. Any loss of private keys relating to, or hack or other compromise of, digital wallets used to store our customers’ bitcoin could adversely affect our customers’ ability to access or sell their bitcoin and could harm customer trust in us and our products, require us to expend significant funds for remediation, and expose us to litigation, regulatory enforcement actions, and other potential liability. Additionally, any loss of private keys relating to, or hack or other compromise of, digital wallets used by third parties to store bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies could have negative reputational effects on us and harm customer trust in us and our products and could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 36 Our risk management efforts may not be effective, which could expose us to losses and liability and otherwise harm our business. We offer payments and other products and services to a large number of customers. We have programs to vet and monitor these customers and the transactions we process for them as part of our risk management efforts, but such programs require continuous improvement and may not be effective in detecting and preventing fraud, bad actors, or illegitimate transactions. When our payments services are used to process illegitimate transactions, and we settle those funds to customers and are unable to recover them, we suffer losses and liability. As a greater number of larger sellers use our services, our exposure to material risk losses from a single seller, or from a small number of sellers, will increase. Illegitimate transactions and bad actors can also expose us to governmental and regulatory enforcement actions, which may impair or otherwise limit our ability to operate or provide certain services, products, or features and potentially prevent us from satisfying our contractual obligations to our third-party partners, which may cause us to be in breach of our obligations. The highly automated nature of, and liquidity offered by, our payments and peer-to-peer services make us and our customers a target for illegal or improper uses, including scams and fraud directed at us and our customers, fraudulent or illegal sales of goods or services, money laundering, and terrorist financing. Identity thieves and those committing fraud using stolen or fabricated credit card, debit card, or bank account numbers, or other deceptive or malicious practices such as account takeovers, potentially can steal significant amounts of money from businesses like ours or from our customers or third parties. Our risk management policies, procedures, techniques, and processes may not be sufficient to identify all of the risks to which we are exposed, to enable us to prevent or mitigate the risks we have identified, or to identify additional risks to which we may become subject in the future. Our current business, the changing and uncertain economic, geopolitical and regulatory environment, and our anticipated domestic and international growth will continue to place significant demands on our risk management and compliance efforts. As our ecosystems grow and our business becomes more complex, we will need to continue developing, improving, and making investments into our risk management infrastructure, techniques, and processes. In addition, when we introduce new products or services, expand existing services or products to new or different cohorts of customers, including online payment acceptance and expanded methods of instantly moving money, offering existing products to borrowers on different repayment terms or expanding product eligibility, focus on new business areas, including consumer financing and loans, or begin to operate in markets where we have a limited history of fraud loss, we may be less able to forecast and carry appropriate reserves on our books for those losses. Additionally, certain Cash App functions are available to customers under 18 with the authorization of a parent or guardian. The risks and the potential harm to our reputation are magnified in instances of fraud or unauthorized or inappropriate transactions involving minors. Our technologies or features may be licensed under commercial, non-commercial, or open-source terms to third parties for use in their own products and services. Despite implementing technical safeguards and contractual restrictions, we have limited visibility into how such technologies or features are used, and any misuse for harmful, illegal, or competitive purposes could expose us to reputational, financial, or legal harm. While we maintain a program of insurance coverage for various types of liabilities, our insurance may not be adequate to cover all losses, and coverage may be denied or limited due to policy terms. In addition, we self-insure (including through captive insurance arrangements) where we believe we can adequately self-insure against the anticipated exposure and risk or where insurance is either not deemed cost-effective or is unavailable. However, we may underestimate the likelihood of risk or the magnitude of our financial exposure, and if we suffer losses that are not covered by insurance, exceed available insurance coverage, or exceed the amounts we have accrued or otherwise set aside for self-insured risks, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected. 37 We are currently, and will continue to be, exposed to risks associated with chargebacks and refunds in connection with payment card fraud or relating to the goods or services provided by our sellers. In the event that a billing dispute between a cardholder and a seller is not resolved in favor of the seller, including in situations where the seller engaged in fraud, the transaction is typically “charged back” to the seller and the purchase price is credited or otherwise refunded to the cardholder. The risk of chargebacks is typically greater with our sellers that promise future delivery of goods and services. Moreover, chargebacks typically increase during economic downturns due to sellers becoming insolvent or bankrupt or otherwise unable to fulfill their commitments for goods or services. Global supply chain disruptions and shortages and heightened tariffs may also negatively affect sellers' ability to deliver goods and services on time or at all, which increases the risk of chargebacks. If we are unable to collect chargebacks or refunds from the seller’s account, or if the seller refuses to or is unable to reimburse us for chargebacks or refunds due to closure, bankruptcy, or other reasons, we, as the merchant of record, may bear the loss for the amounts paid to the cardholder. We collect and hold reserves for a limited number of sellers whose businesses are deemed higher risk in order to help cover potential losses from chargebacks and refunds, but this practice is limited and there can be no assurances that we will be successful in mitigating such losses. Our financial results would be adversely affected to the extent sellers do not fully reimburse us for the related chargebacks and refunds. In addition, if more of our sellers, or a number of our larger sellers, become insolvent or bankrupt, our potential losses from chargebacks and refunds may increase and exceed our reserves, in which case we may suffer financial losses and our business may be adversely affected. Moreover, businesses that cannot process EMV chip cards are held financially responsible for certain fraudulent transactions conducted using chip-enabled cards. Not all of the readers we offer to merchants are EMV-compliant. If we are unable to maintain our losses from chargebacks at acceptable levels, the payment card networks could fine us, increase our transaction-based fees, or terminate our ability to process payment cards. Any increase in our transaction-based fees could damage our business, and if we were unable to accept payment cards, our business would be materially and adversely affected. If any of our risk management policies and processes, including our insurance coverage, self-insurance or holding seller reserves, are ineffective or insufficient, we may suffer large financial losses, we may be subject to civil and criminal liability, and our business, results of operations, or financial condition may be materially and adversely affected. We are dependent on payment card networks and acquiring processors, and changes to our relationships with payment card networks and acquiring processors could harm our business. Our business depends on our ability to accept credit and debit cards, and this ability is provided by the payment card networks, including Visa, Mastercard, American Express, and Discover. For a majority of our transactions, we do not directly access the payment card networks that enable our acceptance of payment cards. As a result, we must rely on banks and acquiring processors to process transactions on our behalf. These banks and acquiring processors may fail or refuse to process transactions on our behalf, may breach their agreements with us, may take actions that degrade the functionality of our services, impose additional costs or requirements on us, or give preferential treatment to competitive services, including their own services. We have in the past and may in the future terminate or change the scope of our relationships with these banks and acquiring processors. If we are unsuccessful in establishing, renegotiating, or maintaining mutually beneficial relationships with these payment card networks, banks, and acquiring processors, our business may be harmed. The payment card networks and our acquiring processors require us to comply with payment card network operating rules, including special operating rules that apply to us as a “payment facilitator” providing payment processing services to merchants. The payment card networks set these network rules and have discretion to interpret the rules and change them at any time. Changes to these network rules or how they are interpreted could have a significant impact on our business and financial results. For example, changes in the payment card network rules regarding chargebacks may affect our ability to dispute chargebacks and the amount of losses we incur from chargebacks. Any changes to or interpretations of the network rules that are inconsistent with the way we or our acquiring processors currently operate may require us to make changes to our business that could be costly or difficult to implement. If we fail to make such changes or otherwise resolve the issue with the payment card networks, the networks could fine us or prohibit us from processing payment cards. In addition, violations of the network rules or any failure to maintain good relationships with the payment card networks could impact our ability to receive incentives from them, increase our costs, or otherwise harm our business. If we were unable to accept payment cards or were limited in our ability to do so, our business would be materially and adversely affected. 38 We are required to pay interchange and assessment fees, processing fees, and bank settlement fees to third-party payment processors, payment networks, and financial institutions. From time to time, payment card networks have increased, and may in the future increase, the interchange fees and assessments that they charge for each transaction processed using their networks. In some cases, we have negotiated favorable pricing with acquiring processors and networks that are contingent on certain business commitments and other conditions. If we fail to meet such conditions, the fees we are charged will rise, and we may be required to pay back some or all of the favorable pricing benefits. Moreover, our acquiring processors and payment card networks may refuse to renew our agreements with them on terms that are favorable, commercially reasonable, or at all. Interchange fees or assessments are also subject to change from time to time due to government regulation. Any increase or decrease in interchange fees or assessments or in the fees we pay to our third-party payment processors, payment networks, or financial institutions could increase our costs, make our pricing less competitive, lead us to change our pricing model, or adversely affect our margins, all of which could materially harm our business and financial results. We could be, and in the past have been, subject to penalties from payment card networks if we fail to detect activities that are illegal, contrary to the payment card network operating rules, or considered “high risk.” We must either prevent high-risk individuals from using our products and services or register such high-risk individuals with the payment card networks and conduct additional monitoring with respect to such high-risk individuals. Any such penalties could become material and could result in termination of our ability to accept payment cards or could require changes in our process for registering new sellers and customers. This could materially and adversely affect our business. We rely on third parties and their systems for a variety of services, including the processing of transaction data and settlement of funds to us and our customers, and these third parties’ failure to perform these services adequately or refusal to continue their relationship with us could materially and adversely affect our business. To provide our products and services, we rely on third parties that we do not control, such as the payment card networks, our acquiring and issuing processors, the payment card issuers, a carrying broker-dealer, bank partners, various financial institution partners, systems like the Federal Reserve Automated Clearing House, and other partners. We rely on these third parties for a variety of services, including the transmission of transaction data, processing of chargebacks and refunds, settlement of funds to our sellers, certain brokerage services, storing customer funds, authorizing payment transactions under our various card programs, originating loans to customers, providing liquidity for Cash App’s feature that permits our customers to buy and sell bitcoin, and providing information and other elements of our services. For example, we rely on a limited number of acquiring processors in some of the jurisdictions in which we offer our services. We frequently review and assess third-party partners that provide services. Adding or transitioning to new acquiring or issuing processors, bank partners, or other third-party providers may significantly disrupt our business or increase our costs. We have also in the past experienced outages with third parties, which have affected our ability to provide services and process payments, including for cards issued under our own brands. In the event these third parties fail to provide these services adequately, including as a result of financial difficulty or insolvency, errors in their systems, outages or events beyond their control, or refuse to provide these services, increases their fees significantly, or refuse to renew our agreements with them on terms acceptable to us or at all, and we are not able to find suitable alternatives, our business may be materially and adversely affected. We depend on key management, as well as our experienced and capable employees, and any failure to attract, motivate, and retain our employees could harm our ability to maintain and grow our business. Our future success is significantly dependent upon the continued service of our executives and other key employees. If we lose the services of any member of management or any key personnel, we may not be able to locate a suitable or qualified replacement, and we may incur additional expenses to recruit and train a replacement, which could disrupt our business and growth. 39 To maintain and grow our business, we will need to identify, attract, hire, develop, motivate, and retain highly skilled employees. This requires significant time, expense, and attention. In addition, we have made and may in the future make changes in our management team or management structure that may be disruptive to our business. If our management team or management structure, including any new hires that we make, fails to work together effectively and to execute our plans and strategies on a timely basis, our business could be harmed. Competition for highly skilled personnel is intense. We may need to invest significant amounts of cash and equity to attract and retain new employees, and we may never realize returns on these investments. Further, our recent changes in our organizational structure, and restructurings of our employee base we have undertaken and may undertake in the future may adversely impact employee morale, and adversely affect our ability to retain or attract highly skilled employees. Refer to the risk factor titled “Our recently announced workforce reduction and related reorganization, including the potential for increased reliance on proactive intelligence and artificial intelligence tools, may not achieve their intended benefits and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.” for additional risks related to our recently announced workforce reduction. Historically, equity awards have been a key component of our employee compensation, and as a result, any decline in the price of our Class A common stock (directly or relative to the stock price of other companies with which we compete for talent) may adversely impact our ability to retain employees or to attract new employees. Additionally, potential changes in U.S. immigration policy may make it difficult to renew or obtain visas for any highly skilled personnel that we have hired or may hire in the future. Furthermore, our business may be materially adversely affected if legislative or administrative changes to immigration or visa laws and regulations impair our hiring processes or projects involving personnel who are not citizens of the country where the work is to be performed. If we are not able to add or retain employees effectively, our ability to achieve our strategic objectives will be adversely affected, and our business and growth prospects will be harmed. If we do not continue to maintain and improve our operational, financial, and other internal controls and systems to manage growth effectively, our business could be harmed. Our current business and anticipated growth, as well as our entry into new lines of business and our acquisitions, will continue to place significant demands on our management and other resources. In order to manage our growth effectively, we must continue to strengthen our existing infrastructure and operational procedures, enhance our internal controls and reporting systems, and ensure we timely and accurately address issues as they arise. In particular, our continued growth will increase the challenges involved in: • improving existing and developing new internal administrative infrastructure, particularly our operational, financial, communications, and other internal systems and procedures; • successfully expanding and implementing internal controls as they relate to our new lines of business and any acquired businesses; • identifying and mitigating new and developing risks; • installing enhanced management information and control systems; and • preserving our core values, strategies, and goals and effectively communicating these to our employees worldwide. These challenges have magnified as we continue to be a distributed workforce. In addition, our recently announced workforce reduction and any resulting changes in personnel and responsibilities may require changes to our internal controls, financial reporting processes, cybersecurity oversight, or other risk management functions, which could result in disruptions or temporary deficiencies. If we are not successful in developing and implementing the right processes and tools to manage our enterprise, our ability to compete successfully and achieve our business objectives could be impaired, we could face regulatory or other enforcement actions, and our business, results of operations, and financial condition may be adversely impacted. These efforts may require substantial financial expenditures, commitments of resources, developments of our processes, and other investments and innovations. As we grow and our business model evolves, we must balance the need for additional controls and systems with the ability to efficiently develop and launch new features for our products and services. However, it is likely that as we grow, we will not be able to launch new features, or respond to customer or market demands as quickly as a smaller, more efficient organization. If we do not successfully manage our growth, our business will suffer. 40 The metrics we use to measure our business are calculated using internal company data based on the activity we measure on our platforms and may be compiled from multiple systems, including systems that are organically developed or acquired through business combinations. There are inherent challenges and limitations in measuring our business globally at scale, and the methodologies used to calculate our metrics inherently require certain assumptions and judgments. For example, we currently identify a Cash App transacting active as a Cash App account that has at least one financial transaction using any product or service within Cash App during a specified period although certain of these accounts may share an alias identifier with one or more other transacting active accounts (for example, families sharing one alias identifier or one customer with multiple accounts). Examples of transactions include sending or receiving a peer-to-peer payment, transferring money into or out of Cash App, making a purchase using Cash App Card, earning a dividend on a stock investment, paying back a loan, among others. We regularly review our processes for calculating these metrics, and from time to time we may make adjustments to improve their accuracy or relevance. Further, as our business develops, we may revise or cease reporting metrics if we determine that such metrics are no longer appropriate measures of our performance. If investors, customers or other stakeholders do not believe our reporting metrics accurately reflect our business or they disagree with our methodologies, our reputation may be harmed and our business may be adversely impacted. Many of the key components in our hardware products are procured from a single or limited number of suppliers. Thus, we are at risk of shortage, price increases, tariffs, changes, delay, or discontinuation of key components, which could disrupt and materially and adversely affect our business. Many of the key components used to manufacture our hardware products, such as the custom parts of our magstripe reader, come from limited or single sources of supply. Due to our reliance on the components or products produced by third-party suppliers, we are subject to the risk of shortages and long lead times or other disruptions in the supply of certain components or products. We have in the past experienced, and may in the future experience, component shortages or delays or other problems in product assembly, and the availability of these components or products may be difficult to predict. For example, our manufacturers may experience temporary or permanent disruptions in their manufacturing operations due to equipment breakdowns, labor strikes or shortages, natural disasters, the occurrence of a contagious disease or illness, component or material shortages, cost increases, acquisitions, insolvency, bankruptcy, business shutdowns, trade restrictions, changes in legal or regulatory requirements, or other similar problems. In addition, if we underestimate or overestimate demand for a particular product, our contract manufacturers and suppliers may not be able to deliver sufficient quantities of that product to meet our requirements, or we may carry excess inventory, all of which could adversely affect our business. Additionally, various sources of supply-chain risk, including strikes or shutdowns at delivery ports or loss of or damage to our products while they are in transit or storage, intellectual property theft, losses due to tampering, third-party vendor issues with quality or sourcing control, failure by our suppliers to comply with applicable laws and regulation, potential tariffs or other trade restrictions, or other similar problems could limit or delay the supply of our products or harm our reputation. In the event of a shortage or supply interruption from suppliers of these components, we may not be able to develop alternate sources quickly, cost-effectively, or at all. Any interruption or delay in manufacturing, component supply, any increases in component costs, or the inability to obtain these parts or components from alternate sources at acceptable prices and within a reasonable amount of time, would harm our ability to provide our products to sellers on a timely basis or impact our cost of goods sold. This could harm our relationships with our sellers, prevent us from acquiring new sellers, and materially and adversely affect our business. Some of our hardware devices manufactured outside of the United States are subject to tariffs when imported to the United States. These tariffs negatively affect our gross margin on the impacted products, and increases in our pricing as a result of tariffs may adversely affect demand for our products or reduce the competitiveness of our products if our competitors do not make similar pricing adjustments. The impact of any increased or new tariffs or other trade restrictions, for example, as proposed or instituted by the U.S. administration, could have a material and adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 41 Our services must integrate with a variety of operating systems. If we are unable to ensure that our services or hardware interoperate with such operating systems and devices, our business may be materially and adversely affected. We are dependent on the ability of our products and services to integrate with a variety of operating systems, web browsers, and wired and wireless interfaces to mobile devices that we do not control. Any changes in these systems that degrade the functionality of our products and services, impose additional costs or requirements on us, or give preferential treatment to competitive services, including their own services, could materially and adversely affect usage of our products and services. In addition, we rely on app marketplaces, such as the Apple App Store and Google Play, to drive downloads of our mobile apps. Apple, Google, or other operators of app marketplaces regularly make changes to their marketplaces, and those changes may make access to our products and services more difficult. In the event that it is difficult for our customers to access and use our products and services, our business may be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, Apple, Google, or other operators of app marketplaces regularly provide software updates, and such software updates may not operate effectively with our products and services, which may reduce the demand for our products and services, result in dissatisfaction by our customers, and may materially and adversely affect our business. Economic, Financial, and Tax Risks Volatility in general macroeconomic conditions could materially and adversely affect our business and financial results. Our performance is subject to economic conditions and the impact of such conditions on levels of spending by businesses and individuals. Most of the sellers that use our services are small businesses, many of which are in the early stages of their development, and these businesses are often disproportionately adversely affected by economic downturns and may fail at a higher rate than larger or more established businesses. In particular, inflation and economic volatility, including the impact of heightened tariffs, a potential recession, and market expectations regarding the same, have impacted and may continue to impact consumer spending in general and at these businesses. Small businesses frequently have limited budgets and limited access to capital, and they may choose to allocate their spending to items other than our financial or marketing services, especially in times of economic uncertainty or in recessions. In addition, if our sellers cease to operate, this may have an adverse impact not only on the growth of our payments services but also on our transaction and advance loss rates, and the success of our other services. We serve sellers across a variety of industry verticals and in an economic downturn, certain verticals, particularly those that are viewed as discretionary by consumers, may be impacted to a greater degree than others, which may harm our business and financial results. From time to time, we have experienced and may continue to experience material and adverse impacts to our business as a result of the uncertainty and volatility in the banking and financial services sectors, adverse macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, heightened or uncertain tariffs, and interest rate increases, availability of credit, bankruptcies or insolvencies of customers, and recession or economic downturn. Changes in interest rates and monetary policy can impact the demand for new loans, the credit profile of our borrowers, the yields earned on loans and securities, and the rates paid on deposits and borrowings. Heightened tariffs and changes in trade policies may lead to increased costs for goods and services, which could reduce consumer purchasing power and discretionary spending. Our ecosystems depend in part on consumer spending and, as a result, declines in spending have adversely affected and could adversely affect our business, including engagement across our platforms, and our financial results. As a result of economic conditions, the growth in the number of Square sellers qualifying for participation in the Square Loans program may slow, or business loans may be paid more slowly, or not at all. In addition, customers who utilize our BNPL products and consumer loan products, such as Cash App Borrow, may also be disproportionately adversely affected by economic downturns, which could negatively impact demand or eligibility for these product offerings and have caused and may continue to cause loss rates on such products to increase. Further, our suppliers, distributors, and other third-party partners may suffer their own financial and economic challenges. Such suppliers and third parties may demand pricing accommodations, delay payment, or become insolvent, which could harm our ability to meet end customer demands or collect revenue or otherwise could harm our business. Furthermore, our investment portfolio, which includes U.S. government and corporate securities, is subject to general credit, liquidity, market, and interest rate risks, which may be exacerbated by certain events that affect the global financial markets. If global credit and equity markets decline for extended periods, or if there is a downgrade of the securities within our portfolio, our investment portfolio may be adversely affected and we could determine that our investments have experienced an other-than-temporary decline in fair value, requiring impairment charges that could adversely affect our financial results. In addition, from time to time we have reduced expenses and needed to restructure or reorganize certain portions of our operations in order to align our business with market conditions and our strategies, any of which can result in near term expense and harm to our growth prospects. 42 We are currently subletting some of our office space. An economic downturn and our work-from-home practices have caused and may in the future cause us to need less office space than we are contractually committed to leasing. We have, and may continue to, incur losses or recognize impairment charges in connection with any unused office space if we are unable to successfully sublease any unused office space, or if we are unable to successfully terminate any of our leasing commitments. We may not be able to secure financing on favorable terms, or at all, to meet our future capital needs. We fund our operations primarily through debt and equity financings, bank credit agreements, warehouse funding facilities, and cash from operations. While we believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents, marketable debt securities, and availability under our line of credit are sufficient to meet our working capital needs, planned capital expenditures, and service our debt, there is no guarantee that this will continue to be true in the future. In the future, we may require or seek additional capital to respond to business opportunities, refinancing needs, business and financial challenges, regulatory surety bond requirements, acquisitions, or unforeseen circumstances and may decide to engage in equity, equity-linked, or debt financings or enter into additional credit agreements for other reasons. We may not be able to secure any such additional financing or refinancing on favorable terms, in a timely manner, or at all. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us when we require it, our ability to continue to grow or support our business and to respond to business challenges could be significantly limited. The terms of our warehouse funding facilities contain covenants that may be triggered in certain situations (such as non-repayments on consumer borrowings exceeding certain monetary thresholds or key management resigning), which may negatively impact our ability to obtain additional funding under the warehouse funding facilities. If certain events of default occur under the warehouse funding facilities, we may not be able to draw future funding from those warehouse funding facilities or the debt outstanding under the warehouse funding facilities may be accelerated and our business and financial results could be adversely impacted. Our credit agreement contains affirmative and negative covenants, including covenants that restrict our domestic restricted subsidiaries from incurring debt for borrowed money, us and our domestic restricted subsidiaries from granting liens to secure debt for borrowed money and entering into sale and leaseback transactions, and customary limitations on dividends and stock repurchases. Our credit agreement also requires us to comply with a maximum total net leverage ratio, measured quarterly. The indentures pursuant to which our 2026 Senior Notes, 2030 Senior Notes, 2031 Senior Notes, 2032 Senior Notes, and 2033 Senior Notes (collectively, the “Senior Notes”) were issued contain covenants that restrict or could restrict, among other things, our business and operations. Any debt financing obtained by us in the future could also involve restrictive covenants relating to our capital-raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us to operate our business, obtain additional capital, and pursue business opportunities, including potential acquisitions. Our ability to comply with these covenants may be affected by events beyond our control, and breaches of these covenants could result in a default under our existing credit agreement or our Senior Notes and any future financing agreements into which we may enter. If not waived, these defaults could cause indebtedness outstanding under our credit agreement, our Senior Notes, our other outstanding indebtedness, including our 2026 Convertible Notes and 2027 Convertible Notes (collectively, the “Convertible Notes,” and together with the Senior Notes, the “Notes”), and any future financing agreements that we may enter into to become immediately due and payable or may prevent us from borrowing under our credit agreement. We sell some of our Square Loans to third-party investors, while we remain as servicer of the Square Loans and earn a servicing fee for facilitating the repayment of these loans. If such third parties fail to continue to purchase Square Loans, or reduce the amount of Square Loans they purchase or reduce the price they are willing to pay for the Square Loans, then we may need to reduce originations, or we would need to fund the origination or purchase of additional Square Loans using other sources of financing, all of which could adversely impact our business. If we raise additional funds through further issuances of equity or other securities convertible into equity, including convertible debt securities, our existing stockholders could suffer dilution in their percentage ownership of our company, and any such securities we issue could have rights, preferences, and privileges senior to those of holders of our Class A common stock. 43 Changes by any rating agency to our outlook or credit rating could negatively affect the value of both our debt and equity securities and increase our borrowing costs. If our credit ratings are downgraded or other negative action is taken, our ability to obtain additional financing in the future on favorable terms or at all could be adversely affected. Servicing our Notes may require a significant amount of cash, and we may not have sufficient cash or the ability to raise the funds necessary to settle conversions of the Convertible Notes in cash, repay the Notes at maturity, or repurchase the Notes as required following a fundamental change. As of December 31, 2025, we had $575.0 million outstanding aggregate principal amount of 2026 Convertible Notes, $575.0 million outstanding aggregate principal amount of 2027 Convertible Notes, $1.0 billion outstanding aggregate principal amount of 2026 Senior Notes, $1.2 billion outstanding aggregate principal amount of 2030 Senior Notes, $1.0 billion outstanding aggregate principal amount of 2031 Senior Notes, $2.0 billion outstanding aggregate principal amount of 2032 Senior Notes, and $1.0 billion outstanding aggregate principal amount of 2033 Senior Notes. Prior to February 1, 2026, in the case of the 2026 Convertible Notes, and August 1, 2027, in the case of the 2027 Convertible Notes, the applicable Convertible Notes are convertible at the option of the holders only under certain conditions or upon the occurrence of certain events. After such dates, the holders may convert all or a portion of such Convertible Notes at their option. If holders of the Convertible Notes of a series elect to convert such Convertible Notes when eligible, we will be required to settle the Convertible Notes in cash, shares of Class A common stock or any combination thereof. In addition, holders of each series of Notes also have the right to require us to repurchase all or a portion of their Notes of such series upon the occurrence of a fundamental change (as defined in the applicable indenture governing the Notes) and, in the case of the Senior Notes, accompanied by a downgrade of the Senior Notes, at a repurchase price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Convertible Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, or at a repurchase price equal to 101% of the principal amount of the Senior Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, as applicable. If the Notes of any series have not previously been converted or repurchased, we will be required to repay such Notes in cash at maturity. Our ability to make required cash payments in connection with conversions of the Convertible Notes, repurchase the Notes as required following a fundamental change, or to repay or refinance the Notes at maturity will depend on market conditions and our future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive, and other factors beyond our control. We also may not use the cash proceeds we raised through the issuance of the Notes in an optimally productive and profitable manner. In the future, we may not have enough available cash or be able to obtain financing at the time we are required to repurchase or repay the Notes or pay cash with respect to the Convertible Notes being converted to the extent we elect to settle such Convertible Notes in cash. In addition, our ability to repurchase or to pay cash upon conversion or at maturity of the Notes may be limited by law or regulatory authority. Our failure to repurchase Notes as required following a fundamental change or to pay cash upon conversion of our Convertible Notes (unless we elect to deliver solely shares of our Class A common stock to settle such conversion) or at maturity of the Notes as required by the applicable indenture would constitute a default under such indenture. A default under the applicable indenture could also lead to a default under our credit agreement, our other outstanding indebtedness, or agreements governing our future indebtedness. Moreover, the occurrence of the fundamental change itself could lead to such a default. Any such default could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. If the payment of our other outstanding indebtedness or future indebtedness were to be accelerated after any applicable notice or grace periods, we may not have sufficient funds to repay such indebtedness and repurchase the Notes or to pay cash upon conversion of the Convertible Notes or at maturity of the Notes. 44 We are subject to counterparty risk with respect to the convertible note hedge transactions. In connection with the issuance of each series of our Convertible Notes, we entered into convertible note hedge transactions with certain financial institutions, which we refer to as the "option counterparties." The option counterparties are financial institutions or affiliates of financial institutions, and we will be subject to the risk that one or more of such option counterparties may default under the convertible note hedge transactions. Our exposure to the credit risk of the option counterparties will not be secured by any collateral. If any option counterparty becomes subject to insolvency proceedings, we will become an unsecured creditor in those proceedings with a claim equal to our exposure at that time under the convertible note hedge transaction. Our exposure will depend on many factors but, generally, the increase in our exposure will be correlated to the increase in our Class A common stock market price and in the volatility of the market price of our Class A common stock. In addition, upon a default by any option counterparty, we may suffer adverse tax consequences and dilution with respect to our Class A common stock. We can provide no assurance as to the financial stability or viability of any option counterparty. Our bitcoin investment is subject to volatile market prices. We have made, and expect to make additional, investments in bitcoin. The price of bitcoin has been highly volatile and may continue to be volatile in the future, due to market factors, regulatory developments and other risks that are outside of our control. The prevalence of bitcoin is a relatively recent trend, and the long-term adoption of bitcoin by investors, consumers, and businesses remains uncertain. Bitcoin’s lack of a physical form, its reliance on technology for its creation, existence, and transactional validation, and its decentralization may subject its integrity to the threat of malicious attacks and technological obsolescence. To the extent the market value of our bitcoin investment decreases relative to the purchase prices, our financial condition may be adversely impacted. The manner in which we account for our bitcoin under applicable accounting rules has changed. Prior to our adoption of Accounting Standards Update 2023-08, "Accounting for and Disclosure of Crypto Assets", which added Subtopic Accounting Standards Codification 350-60, “Intangibles - Goodwill and Other - Crypto Asset”, to the accounting standards codification (“ASU 2023-08”), our bitcoin was accounted for as an indefinite-lived intangible asset and for each reporting period, we were required to evaluate our bitcoin for impairment and record impairment losses if the fair value decreased below the carrying value during the assessed period. Since impairment losses for our bitcoin investment could not be recovered for any subsequent increases in fair value until the asset was sold, our operating results were adversely affected in any period in which such impairment occurred. Upon adoption of ASU 2023-08, we remeasured our bitcoin investment to its fair value as of January 1, 2023, resulting in an adjustment to our accumulated deficit. We will continue to remeasure our bitcoin investment at the end of each reporting period with changes recognized in our consolidated statements of operations. Accordingly, fluctuations in the market value of bitcoin in any quarter may cause fluctuations in our financial results. If there are future changes in applicable accounting rules that require us to change the manner in which we account for our bitcoin investment, there could be a material and adverse effect on our financial results and the market price of our Class A common stock. We are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. Our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates through our international operations could have a negative impact on our reported results of operations. From time to time, we may enter into forward contracts, options, and/or foreign exchange swaps related to foreign currency exposures that arise in the normal course of our business. These and other such hedging activities may not eliminate our exposure to foreign exchange fluctuations. Moreover, the use of hedging instruments may introduce additional risks if we are unable to structure effective hedges with such instruments. 45 We are subject to taxation related risks in multiple jurisdictions. We are subject to tax in multiple U.S. and foreign tax jurisdictions. The determination of our worldwide provision for income, deferred, and other tax liabilities is complex and requires judgment by management, and there are many transactions during the ordinary course of business where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Although we believe our estimates are reasonable, the ultimate tax outcome may differ from amounts recorded in our financial statements and may materially affect our financial results in the period or periods for which such determination is made. We are subject to the periodic examination of our domestic and foreign tax returns by the Internal Revenue Service, and state, local, and foreign tax authorities, some of whom are challenging our tax positions. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes from these examinations in determining the adequacy of our provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities. We consider many factors when evaluating and estimating our tax positions and tax benefits, which may require periodic adjustments and may not accurately forecast actual tax audit outcomes. If the ultimate determination of income and other tax liabilities differ from the amounts recorded or accrued, our business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely impacted. Tax laws are routinely re-examined and evaluated globally. New laws and interpretations of such laws are taken into account to the extent they are applicable to us. Tax authorities are increasingly scrutinizing the tax positions of companies and we have tax audits pending in several jurisdictions. The U.S. federal and state governments, countries in the European Union, as well as a number of other countries and organizations such as the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (“OECD”), are actively considering changes to existing tax laws that, if enacted, could increase our tax obligations in jurisdictions where we do business, including a 15% global minimum tax (Pillar Two) that has been implemented by several countries and is being considered for implementation by other jurisdictions. On January 5, 2026, the OECD announced a “side-by-side” elective safe harbor that exempts U.S.-parented multinational entities from some of the Pillar Two rules (including the fifteen percent global minimum tax) for fiscal years beginning on or after January 1, 2026. If U.S. or other tax authorities change applicable tax laws or successfully challenge how or where our profits are currently recognized, our overall taxes could increase, and our business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely impacted. We have in the past recorded, and may in the future record, significant valuation allowances on our deferred tax assets, which may have a material impact on our results of operations and cause fluctuations in such results. As of December 31, 2025, our deferred tax assets relate predominantly to the U.S. federal and state tax jurisdictions. The need for a valuation allowance requires an assessment of both positive and negative evidence to determine whether it is more likely than not that deferred tax assets are recoverable; such assessment is required on a jurisdiction-by-jurisdiction basis. In making such an assessment, significant weight is given to evidence that can be objectively verified. Refer to Note 15, Income Taxes within Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further details. We continue to monitor the likelihood that we will be able to recover our deferred tax assets in the future and adjustments in our valuation allowance may be required. The recording of any future increases in or release of all or any portion of our valuation allowance could have a material impact on our reported results, and both the recording and release of the valuation allowance could cause fluctuations in our quarterly and annual results of operations. 46 Legal, Regulatory, and Compliance Risks Our business is subject to extensive regulation and oversight in a variety of areas, all of which are subject to change and uncertain interpretation. We are subject to a wide variety of local, state, federal, and international laws, regulations, licensing schemes, and industry standards in the United States and in other countries in which we operate. These laws, regulations, and standards govern numerous areas that are important to our business, and include, or may in the future include, those relating to or placing restrictions upon banking, lending, deposit-taking, cross-border and domestic money transmission, foreign exchange, payments services (such as payment processing and settlement services), cryptocurrency, trading in shares and fractional shares, personal income tax filing, fraud detection, consumer protection, anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and anti-corruption, escheatment, sanctions regimes and export controls, AI, privacy, data protection and cybersecurity, fiscalization and compliance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard, a set of requirements designed to ensure that all companies that process, store, or transmit payment card information maintain a secure environment to protect cardholder data. These laws, rules, regulations, and standards are enforced by multiple authorities and governing bodies in the United States, including federal agencies, such as the FDIC, the SEC, FinCEN, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ("CFPB"), the Department of Justice ("DOJ"), the Federal Trade Commission, the IRS and Office of Foreign Assets Control, self-regulatory organizations, and numerous state and local agencies, such as state money transmission license regulators and virtual currency regulators. Outside of the United States, we are subject to additional regulators, authorities, and governing bodies. As we expand into new jurisdictions, expand our product offerings in existing jurisdictions, or as laws, regulations, and standards evolve, the number of foreign regulations and regulators, authorities, and governing bodies governing our business will expand as well. For example, in connection with our acquisition of Afterpay we established a secondary listing on the ASX, subjecting us to additional listing requirements. As our business and products continue to develop and expand, we may become subject to additional rules, regulations, and industry standards. We may not always be able to accurately predict the scope or applicability of certain regulations to our business, particularly as we expand into new areas of operations, which could have a significant negative effect on our existing business and our ability to pursue future plans. In addition, certain regulators have imposed and in the future may impose additional requirements on our business as a condition for obtaining or maintaining permits, licenses or rights to conduct our business, including conditions under any settlements and consent orders with regulators, that restrict our business or our ability to take certain actions. If we fail to comply with the terms of such permits, licenses or other requirements, we could face regulatory or other enforcement actions, penalties or we may not be able to continue operating our business in the same manner. Laws, regulations, and standards are subject to changes and evolving interpretations and application, including by means of judicial decisions, legislative changes and/or executive orders, and may not be consistent across jurisdictions or regulatory bodies. It can be difficult to predict how such laws, regulations, and standards may be applied to our business and the way we conduct our operations, particularly as we introduce new products and services and expand into new jurisdictions. For example, Cash App and Square have features that permit our customers and sellers to transact in bitcoin. Bitcoin is not widely accepted as legal tender or backed by governments around the world, and it has experienced price volatility, technological glitches, security compromises, and various law enforcement and regulatory interventions. Certain existing laws also prohibit transactions with certain persons and entities, and we have a risk-based program in place to prevent such transactions. Despite this, due to the nature of bitcoin and blockchain technology, not all such transactions can be prevented, and there can be no guarantee that our risk-based program or our compliance measures will be viewed as sufficient. The regulation of bitcoin, as well as cryptocurrency and digital asset platforms is an evolving area, and we could become subject to additional legislation or regulation in the future, or we might not be able to continue operating our product features that facilitate transactions in bitcoin, at least in current form. If we fail to comply with regulations or prohibitions applicable to us, we could face regulatory or other enforcement actions, potential fines, injunctions, consent orders, reputational harm, and other consequences. Further, we may need to make other changes to our business operations, our products or our services as a result of changes in laws, regulations, standards, or decisions made by governing or regulatory authorities, all of which could cause the price of our Class A common stock to decrease. 47 We are subject to audits, inspections, inquiries, and investigations from regulators, authorities, and governing bodies, as applicable, on an ongoing basis, as well as certain monitoring of our compliance with our obligations under applicable laws, regulations and agreements. Although we have a compliance program focused on the laws, rules, regulations, and standards applicable to our business, we have been and are still subject to audits, inspections, inquiries, investigations, fines, or other actions or penalties in one or more jurisdictions levied by regulators, including federal and state agencies, state Attorneys General and private plaintiffs who may be acting as private attorneys general pursuant to various applicable laws, as well as those levied by foreign regulators, authorities, and governing bodies. For example, following the publication of a short seller report in March 2023, we received inquiries from the SEC and DOJ and we continue to cooperate in such matters. Refer to Note 19, Commitments and Contingencies within Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further details on regulatory and litigation matters. Regulatory, governmental and other agencies have and may continue to coordinate or share information from time to time, which may result in new or consolidated actions by various agencies against us. In addition to fines, penalties for failing to comply with applicable rules and regulations could include significant criminal and civil lawsuits, forfeiture of significant assets, increased licensure requirements, revocation of licenses or other enforcement actions. We have been and may be required to make changes to our business practices or compliance programs as a result of regulatory scrutiny. In addition, any perceived or actual failure by us to comply with applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards or consent orders, including any perception that the risk of such a failure by us has increased, could have a significant impact on our reputation as a trusted brand and could cause increased regulatory scrutiny, including the imposition or extension of regulatory obligations, could cause us to lose existing customers, prevent us from obtaining new customers, require us to expend significant funds to remedy issues identified by regulators, and expose us to legal risk and potential criminal and civil liability. 48 Our business is subject to complex and evolving regulations and oversight related to privacy, data protection, and information security. We are subject to laws and regulations relating to the collection, use, retention, privacy, protection, security, and transfer of information, including personal information of our employees and customers. As with the other laws and regulations noted above, these laws and regulations may change or be interpreted and applied differently over time and from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, and it is possible they will be interpreted and applied in ways that will materially and adversely affect our business. For example, the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) and similar legislation in the United Kingdom (“U.K.”) impose stringent privacy and data protection requirements and provide for greater penalties for noncompliance of up to the greater of 4% of worldwide annual revenue or €20 million or £17.5 million, as applicable. The GDPR restricts international data transfers from the EU to other jurisdictions unless the rights of the individual data subjects in respect of their personal data is protected by an approved transfer mechanism, or one of a limited number of exceptions applies. In the U.K., the Data Protection Act and legislation referred to as the U.K. GDPR substantially enact the GDPR into U.K. law and provide for similar requirements. When transferring personal data from the EU to other jurisdictions, we utilize standard contractual clauses published by the EU Commission (the "SCCs"). We use similar mechanisms approved by the U.K. Information Commissioner’s Office when transferring personal data from the UK to other jurisdictions. On July 16, 2020, the Court of Justice of the European Union issued a decision imposing additional obligations on companies when relying on those SCCs. On July 10, 2023, the European Commission issued its “adequacy decision” for the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, concluding that the DPF ensures U.S. protection of personal data transferred between the countries is comparable to that offered in the EU. In the U.K., personal data generally may be transferred from the EU to the U.K. without restriction pursuant to an adequacy decision issued by the European Commission under the GDPR and the Law Enforcement Directive, which was renewed in 2025 to extend through December 2031. The European Commission may intervene at any time with respect to its adequacy decision. The UK’s adequacy determination may be subject to modification or revocation in the future. These and other developments relating to cross-border data transfer could result in increased costs of compliance and limitations on our customers and us. Additionally, legal or regulatory challenges or other developments relating to cross-border data transfer may serve as a basis for our personal data handling practices, or those of our customers and

--- VENDORS ---
vendors, and often rely on inefficient non-digital processes and tools. Our ability to add new sellers efficiently, help them grow their business, and cross-sell our products and services has historically contributed to our growth. Cash App Ecosystem Cash App provides an ecosystem of financial products and services to help consumers manage their money. Cash App’s mission is to redefine the world’s relationship with money by making it more relatable, instantly available, and universally accessible. While Cash App started with the single ability to send and receive money, it now provides an ecosystem of commerce solutions, financial services, and Bitcoin capabilities focused on helping consumers make their money go further by enabling customers to store, send, receive, spend, invest, buy now, pay later ("BNPL"), borrow, or save their money with Cash App. Similar to our Square ecosystem, we believe the aggregation of these products into one app differentiates Cash App from competitors and provides greater utility for customers, allowing Cash App to build retentive relationships with its customers. Over time, with its bank partners, Cash App is aiming to become one of the top providers of banking services to households in the United States that earn up to $150,000 per year. TIDAL Ecosystem TIDAL expands our purpose of economic empowerment to artists. TIDAL is a global platform for musicians and their fans that uses unique content, experiences, and features to bring fans closer to artists and to provide artists with tools to succeed as entrepreneurs. TIDAL offers an extensive catalog of more than 250 million songs and 1,000,000 high-quality videos. TIDAL has a global presence with listeners in more than 60 countries and relationships with nearly 300 labels and distributors. 4 Bitcoin Ecosystem Our bitcoin ecosystem includes our bitcoin hardware projects, which include Bitkey, which is a self-custody bitcoin wallet, Proto, which is a bitcoin mining system, as well as Spiral, an independent team focused on contributing to bitcoin open source work. We believe our bitcoin ecosystem can help address inefficiencies in the current financial system, especially with respect to identity and trust. Through our bitcoin initiatives, we are developing open hardware, self-custody tools, and decentralized technologies that enable individuals to securely own and verify their digital assets, reinforcing user control and trust without reliance on traditional financial intermediaries. Our Segments and Revenue Categories Our two reportable segments are Square and Cash App, which reflects our two primary ecosystems and the manner in which the Company's chief operating decision maker ("CODM") reviews and assesses performance. Historically, we reported revenue by category, including transaction-based revenue, subscription and services-based revenue, hardware revenue, and bitcoin revenue. These categories represented the primary sources of revenue within our Square and Cash App ecosystems. We have realigned our revenue categories to better reflect the evolution of our company. Since our initial public offering, we have grown from a payments-focused platform into a broader ecosystem that includes loan products through financial services and bitcoin-related offerings. These businesses are integral to our operations and illustrate the expanded scope of our company today. As a result, we identified three reportable revenue categories: Commerce Enablement, Financial Solutions, and the Bitcoin Ecosystem. • Commerce Enablement empowers sellers and consumers to transact across our ecosystems. It primarily includes Square payments, software, and hardware, Cash App Card, Cash App Pay, our BNPL products, and Cash App Business. Commerce Enablement also includes TIDAL streaming and artist tools, which extend our commerce capabilities to creators. • Financial Solutions provides banking, lending, and money management products for individuals and businesses. This primarily includes Cash App Borrow, Instant Deposit, Interest Income, Paper Money Deposits, ATM, and brokerage services, as well as Square Loans, Savings, Balances, and Square Card. Financial Solutions enables customers to access, manage, and grow their money. • Bitcoin Ecosystem encompasses our consumer and business bitcoin products, including bitcoin buy/sell functionality in Cash App, Square Bitcoin, Proto, and Bitkey. This ecosystem reflects our efforts to make bitcoin accessible, secure, and integrated into everyday financial activity through the development of open financial infrastructure. These revenue categories reflect how we see our business today. Each revenue category represents a distinct driver of growth and profitability within our business and is supported by shared infrastructure, including our automation and artificial intelligence platform. Together, these revenue categories generated $10.4 billion in gross profit in 2025. Our Customers Our Square Sellers Square sellers represent a diverse range of industries (including services, food-related, and retail businesses) and sizes, ranging from sole proprietors to multinational businesses. Square sellers span geographies, including the United States, Canada, Japan, Australia, the United Kingdom, Ireland, France, and Spain. We have also increasingly served mid-market sellers, which we define as sellers that generate more than $500,000 in annualized Square Gross Payment Volume (“Square GPV”), due to our ability to offer more flexible and complex solutions than traditional alternatives, as well as a growing product suite. For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, none of our customers accounted for greater than 5% of Square GPV. We define Square GPV as the total dollar amount of all card and bank payments processed by sellers using Square, net of refunds. 5 In the year ended December 31, 2025, more than 4.5 million sellers used the Square ecosystem to make 5.9 billion individual sales transactions totaling $250 billion of Square GPV. These sales transactions originated from more than 800 million payment cards, across more than 300 million buyer profiles. The charts below show the percentage mix of our Square GPV by seller industry and seller size for the year ended December 31, 2025: 6 Our Cash App Customers As of December 2025, Cash App had 59 million monthly transacting actives across the United States. In 2025, Cash App was the number one finance app on Google Play and number three finance app on iOS based on downloads in the United States. Cash App has a diverse mix of customers and, in the United States, had monthly transacting actives in each of the 50 states and nearly every county as of December 2025. In 2025, Cash App transacting actives brought $316 billion in inflows into Cash App. In the fourth quarter of 2025, our Cash App monthly transacting actives brought in an average of $1,410 of inflows during the quarter. A transacting active is a Cash App account that has at least one financial transaction using any product or service within Cash App during the specified period. Examples of transactions include sending or receiving a peer-to-peer payment, transferring money into or out of Cash App, making a purchase using Cash App Card, earning a dividend on a stock investment, and paying back a loan, among others. Certain of these accounts may share an alias identifier with one or more other transacting active accounts. This could represent, among other things, one customer with multiple accounts or multiple customers sharing one alias identifier (for example, families). 7 8 Our Products and Services Square Our Square ecosystem consists of more than 30 distinct commerce enablement and financial services products. Our products are designed to be self-serve and intuitive to make initial setup and new employee training fast and easy, although we also offer full-service setup and support. Our products are also flexible enough to serve the needs of both small, single location and large, complex multi-location sellers. Our products are integrated to create a seamless experience and enable a holistic view of sales, customers, employees, and finances. We supplement these first party capabilities with our open developer platform that enables integrations with third-party applications. We monetize these products primarily through our Commerce Enablement solutions, including payment processing, software, and hardware as well as through Financial Solutions, such as lending and banking services. Our pricing and packaging model is intended to enhance product discovery, support increased software adoption and retention, and reflect our continued focus on maintaining simple and transparent pricing practices. Strategic Priorities: Our focus for Square is reflected in three core pillars: Commerce, Automation, and Networks. • Commerce: Square seeks to simplify selling for businesses of varying sizes by offering software, hardware, payments, and financial solutions delivered through a vertically integrated platform. These solutions are intended to support key seller workflows, including point-of-sale, ordering, inventory, staffing, and business management. • Automation: We are focused on enabling growth by leveraging AI to increase productivity and outcomes for our sales and marketing, customer service, and engineering efforts, in addition to building features that help sellers grow their businesses. We aim to enhance seller efficiency by automating operational and financial tasks. Square’s AI-enabled tools are designed to reduce manual work, support sellers' decision-making, and enable sellers to manage their operations and finances more effectively, and give them time back. • Networks: Our strategy includes strengthening local commerce ecosystems by enabling deeper connections among sellers, their customers, staff, and other sellers, and by leveraging Cash App’s network of monthly transacting actives to expand seller reach and support ecosystem engagement. Commerce Enablement Square's commerce enablement products include our payments, software, and hardware products, which together provide an integrated operating system for local commerce. These products enable sellers to accept payments, manage orders and inventory, engage customers, and operate their businesses across a range of industries and geographies. • Square Payments capabilities enable sellers to accept card-present and card-not-present payments across in-person, online, mobile, and invoice-based channels. Square acts as both the merchant of record and payment service provider, settling funds with sellers and managing associated payment-related risk. Square generates payment processing fees on each completed transaction, which represent a significant component of Commerce Enablement revenue. As merchant of record, Square maintains contractual relationships with acquiring processors, card networks, and other providers of transaction-processing services. These arrangements often include commercial terms that are not typically available to sellers contracting independently with such providers. • Square Software products enable sellers to manage point-of-sale operations, conduct commerce across in-person and online channels, and engage with their customers. These products are designed to simplify business management by integrating payment acceptance, order and inventory management, and customer engagement into a single platform. In 2025, Square introduced a streamlined pricing and packaging framework consisting of three bundled tiers that combine software functionality with corresponding payment-processing rates. This structure is intended to simplify pricing, improve onboarding, and increase software adoption across the seller base. In addition to these tiers, we also offer custom pricing for larger sellers to meet their specific business needs. 9 Square Point of Sale is Square’s primary commerce application for sellers and provides a customizable point-of-sale solution that supports a broad range of business types and operational needs. Additional software capabilities, including online and remote payment solutions, enable sellers to synchronize inventory, orders, and customer data across sales channels, supporting omnichannel commerce. Square also provides customer engagement and marketing tools that help sellers attract and retain buyers through loyalty and rewards programs, digital marketing campaigns, and gift card offerings. Operational tools, such as Square Team Management and Square Payroll, allow sellers to manage scheduling, performance, and payroll administration. These products integrate directly with Square’s commerce and financial services, providing sellers with a cohesive experience. For developers and larger sellers, Square offers application programming interfaces and software development kits that extend Square’s commerce and payments functionality to custom applications and third-party systems, enabling deeper integration and expanding payment volume across channels. • Square Hardware is custom-designed and can process all major card payment forms, including magnetic stripe, EMV chip, and NFC (contactless). Sellers are able to accept cards issued by Visa, Mastercard, American Express, Discover, JCB (in Japan), Interac Flash (in Canada), e-Money (in Japan), and eftpos (in Australia). Square hardware can be integrated with additional accessories such as cash drawers, receipt printers, scales, and barcode scanners to provide sellers with a comprehensive point-of-sale solution. Square's hardware portfolio includes the following: • Square Register is an all-in-one offering that combines our hardware, point-of-sale software, and payments technology. The dedicated hardware consists of two screens: a seller display and a customer display with a built-in card reader that accepts tap, dip, and swipe payments. • Square Terminal is a portable, all-in-one payments device and receipt printer to replace traditional keypad terminals. It accepts tap, dip, and swipe payments, enabling payments anywhere in the store. • Square Stand enables an iPad to be used as a payment terminal or full point-of-sale solution. It features an integrated contactless and chip reader. • Square Reader for contactless and chip accepts EMV chip cards and NFC payments, enabling acceptance via Apple Pay, Google Pay, and other mobile wallets. • Square Reader for magstripe enables swiped transactions of magnetic-stripe cards by connecting with an iOS or Android smartphone or tablet via the headphone jack or Lightning connector. • Square Handheld is a portable point-of-sale device that enables sellers to accept payments, manage orders, and perform back-of-house tasks through a single, integrated hardware solution. Financial Solutions Through our wholly-owned subsidiary bank, Square Financial Services, Inc. (“Square Financial Services”) and with our third-party bank partners, we offer a growing number of Financial Solutions products that make it easier for sellers to manage cash flow and get faster access to funds. These products include lending, deposits, savings, payment acceleration tools, and related financial services. 10 • Square Lending provides a platform of lending products to qualified Square sellers. Square Loans facilitates loans to qualified Square sellers through Square Financial Services. We are able to underwrite these loans by using our unique data set of the seller’s Square transactions to help facilitate loan underwriting and collections. Generally, loan repayment occurs automatically through a fixed percentage of every card transaction a seller takes. Loans are sized to be less than 20% of a seller's expected annual Square GPV and, by simply running their business, sellers historically have repaid their loans within ten months on average. We currently fund a majority of these loans from arrangements with institutional third-party investors who purchase these loans on a forward-flow basis, which mitigates our balance sheet and liquidity risk. Since its public launch in May 2014, Square Loans has facilitated more than 4.0 million loans and advances, representing more than $32.8 billion in principal amount loaned or advanced. We launched Square Credit Card in 2023 to provide another lending option to qualified Square sellers. We generate revenue from lending primarily through loan origination and servicing fees and from the sale of loans to third-party investors. • Instant Transfer enables sellers to receive funds from their payments instantly or later that same day. Instant Transfer is an important tool for sellers that need faster access to their funds in order to better manage their cash flow or working capital. We generate revenue from per-transfer fees. • Square Checking provides sellers with an account provided through our bank partner that is eligible for FDIC deposit insurance if certain conditions are met. Square Checking gives sellers instant access to their sales and the ability to immediately use those funds via a debit card (Square Card), withdraw funds from an ATM, or transfer funds via ACH. We earn revenue on eligible transactions primarily through debit card interchange. • Square Savings is an FDIC-insured, interest earning business savings account at Square Financial Services, with no monthly fees or minimums to open or maintain, designed to make cash flow management easier for sellers. With Square Savings, sellers can put aside a portion of their sales in their savings account while also organizing their money within folders, streamlining the process of saving funds for specific goals and priorities, such as quarterly tax obligations. We earn interest income from funds held in these accounts. Bitcoin Ecosystem Square provides bitcoin functionality that enables eligible sellers in the United States to accept bitcoin as a form of payment. Sellers may accept bitcoin payments via the Lightning Network, a second-layer protocol built on the bitcoin blockchain that facilitates faster transactions with little to no fees. Sellers may elect to retain proceeds in bitcoin or automatically convert them into U.S. dollars. Additionally, Square allows sellers to acquire bitcoin by converting a portion of their daily card sales into bitcoin. Cash App With Cash App, we are building an ecosystem of financial products and services that helps consumers manage their money by making it more relatable, instantly available, and universally accessible. Cash App is primarily in the United States and has a diverse set of customers across demographics and regions. In addition, we offer BNPL products across the United States, Australia, Canada, New Zealand and the United Kingdom. We use our inflows framework to assess the performance of Cash App across transacting actives, inflows per active, and the monetization rate on inflows. Customers can fund their Cash App accounts in a variety of ways, including by receiving money from another Cash App customer through the app’s core peer-to-peer transfer service, transferring money from a bank account, depositing mobile checks, adding physical cash at participating retailers, receiving a recurring paycheck by direct deposit, and through other channels. These funds can then be sent to another customer through the app, spent anywhere that accepts Visa cards or Cash App Pay, withdrawn from an ATM using the Cash App Card, invested in stocks or exchange-traded funds (“ETFs”), used to buy bitcoin, or transferred to a bank account (either instantly for a fee or for free in one to three days). 11 Strategic Priorities Cash App is building the financial operating system for the next generation through four integrated capabilities: networks, commerce, banking, and bitcoin. Each capability addresses a distinct financial need while reinforcing the others through shared infrastructure and automation. Together, these capabilities connect people to their communities, help customers manage and spend their money, support saving and borrowing, and enable easy access to bitcoin. We measure progress through network density, engagement, and product adoption across each capability. • Network: Cash App’s foundation is its customer networks that engage with each other through peer to peer functionality. We are focused on deepening relationships among individuals and their local communities through features that make transacting and sharing money simple and social. We are focused on expanding access by serving younger customers and families, and have made Cash App available to individuals aged 13 and older. Teens can use Cash App with parental oversight, allowing parents to set permissions, view activity, and maintain transparency over spending. We are also developing social and community-based features such as expanded profiles, pools, sharing and recommendations, and Neighborhoods, which help customers connect with people and businesses nearby. These features are designed to make Cash App a more interactive, social, and trusted financial network. Over time, this connected network supports local commerce and strengthens the relationship between Cash App and Square sellers. • Commerce: Our commerce products help customers manage their spending. Cash App connects consumers and merchants through Pay Now products such as Cash App Card, Cash App Pay, and our BNPL products, enabling flexible and secure payments across online and in-person channels. • Banking: Our banking initiatives aim to help customers save, invest, and borrow more effectively to drive customer value and deeper primary banking relationships with Cash App. Through Square Financial Services and with our third-party bank partners, we offer direct deposit and lending products. Cash App also offers higher savings yield, overdraft protection up to certain limits, free in-network ATM withdrawals and priority support for customers with Cash App Green. We continue to invest in new programs like Cash App Green, which are designed to deepen engagement with customers who use Cash App as their primary financial account by providing benefits to customers who meet certain deposit or spending thresholds. • Bitcoin: Bitcoin is a key component of Cash App’s strategy to expand financial access. Customers can buy, sell, and send bitcoin directly within Cash App and use the Lightning Network to pay with bitcoin quickly and at low cost. Commerce Enablement Cash App’s Commerce Enablement products connect consumers and merchants through a broad range of Pay Now and Pay Later capabilities that help consumers manage everyday spending and make money movement fast and accessible. Together, these products represent a core component of Cash App’s strategy to build a connected financial platform for the next generation while strengthening engagement across the broader ecosystem. • Cash App Card is a debit card, issued by our bank partner, and linked directly to a customer’s Cash App balance. Customers can order a Cash App Card for free and use it anywhere that accepts Visa cards to make purchases, drawing down from the funds stored in their Cash App balance. Cash App earns interchange fees when individuals make purchases with their Cash App Card. Customers can select new or promotional Cash App Card designs for a fee, and can also withdraw funds from an ATM using the Cash App Card. • Cash App Pay is a simple, mobile-friendly way for Cash App customers to pay at merchants across online and in-person channels. • Cash App Business allows businesses to accept payments for their business through Cash App for a fee, while allowing higher weekly limits and providing relevant tax reporting forms. 12 BNPL Products Cash App and Afterpay offer a wide range of Pay Later capabilities that make purchasing more flexible and accessible for consumers. For merchants, these offerings are designed to improve conversion and increase average order values. • Pay in 4: Through the use of our BNPL products, consumers can split their purchases into generally three or four installments, typically due in two-week increments, without paying fees (if payments are made on time). We pay retail merchants the full order value up front (less a percentage fee) and assume the risk of non-payment from the consumer. • Pay Monthly: We also offer the ability for consumers to pay for larger transaction sizes over a three-, six-, twelve-, or twenty-four-month period using a monthly payment option. The structure of the product includes no late fees and no compounding interest with a cap on total interest owed. Similar to Pay in 4, we pay retail merchants the full order value up front (less a percentage fee) and assume the risk of non-payment from the consumer. • Advertising and affiliate: We generate hundreds of millions of leads each year for merchants and we have channeled this demand towards scaling an ads and affiliate program for our merchants: for affiliate relationships, we receive a commission when a consumer begins their shopping journey in the Afterpay App and makes a purchase. We may also receive digital advertising revenue based on clicks to a merchant site from the Afterpay App as well as flat fees for premium ad placements. • Afterpay Card, Afterpay Plus Card: We offer two in-store cards that allow consumers to pay in 4 for in-person transactions at a merchant’s point of sale. The Afterpay Card allows consumers to shop in-store at Afterpay merchants and is free for the consumer. The Afterpay Plus Card is currently available to select Afterpay consumers in certain regions for a monthly fee and allows them to shop in-store anywhere that Apple Pay or Google Pay is accepted. • Afterpay Post-Purchase: Allows eligible consumers to convert completed transactions into installment payments, extending Afterpay’s Pay Later functionality beyond the point of sale. We charge a flat finance fee depending on a customer’s state of residence. Financial Solutions Cash App’s Financial Solutions help customers better manage their financial lives with a suite of banking, lending, and investment tools. Through Square Financial Services and third-party bank partners, we offer a growing number of banking services that are designed to make it easier for customers to manage cash flow and provide them with fast access to funds. • Cash App Borrow: Cash App Borrow provides eligible customers with access to short-term loans for a fixed fee, with repayment made through scheduled installments or as a percentage of amounts received into the customer’s Cash App account. Eligibility and loan terms are determined using proprietary underwriting models that incorporate customer transaction history and other data available within the Cash App ecosystem. Our underwriting framework leverages internally developed models informed by more than a decade of experience managing lending risk across Block, as well as millions of historical repayment outcomes and near real-time Cash App transaction data to assess and monitor credit risk. In 2025, the average Cash App Borrow loan was repaid in less than four weeks. In 2025, we also introduced Cash App Score, an internally developed credit scoring framework used to support underwriting decisions, credit limit management, portfolio monitoring, and product eligibility across our lending offerings. We expect our credit models and scoring infrastructure to support responsible borrowing and the disciplined expansion of access to credit within the Cash App ecosystem. • Instant Deposit: Customers are able to instantly transfer funds from Cash App to a bank account for a fee. We believe our customer base values fast access to funds, and this speed is one example of how we differentiate our ecosystem. 13 • Peer-to-peer: Payments form the basis of our Community development pillar because customers engage in financial transactions with other members of the Cash App community. When customers use peer-to-peer, they are inviting their friends, family, and coworkers to download Cash App so that they can send each other money. Peer-to-peer becomes more useful for our customers as their communities expand, so our customers are naturally incentivized to bring more people into their networks. We offer the peer-to-peer service to our Cash App customers for free when a linked debit account is used to fund a transaction, as we consider peer-to-peer to be a marketing tool to encourage Cash App usage. We charge a fee to the sender when transactions are funded using a credit card, and a fee to the recipient if it is a business account. • Direct deposit capabilities, in alliance with our bank partner and system processor, allow customers to receive their recurring paycheck, tax refund, or government disbursement into their Cash App account, which they can then use to send, spend, store, or invest. • Savings allows customers to designate a separate savings balance, and easily set and track towards financial goals. Customers can add money to their savings balance using their Cash App balance, a linked debit card, or direct deposit through Round Ups on purchases with Cash App Card. • Stock Brokerage: Customers can use Cash App to invest their funds for free in U.S. listed stocks and ETFs for as little as $1. • Tax Preparation: Cash App Taxes provides a seamless, mobile-first solution for consumers to file their taxes for free. Bitcoin Ecosystem We have a simple bitcoin exchange and custody solution that provides customers with an on-ramp and off-ramp to buy and sell bitcoin with Cash App for as little as $1 and a custodial account to store it securely without needing to keep track of any private keys. Our solution offers features that allow customers to complete auto buys and custom limit orders, as well as direct deposit to auto-convert their paycheck into bitcoin and earn instant bitcoin rewards on Cash App Card purchases. We also allow U.S. actives to send and receive bitcoin to/from anyone with a compatible wallet via the Lightning Network. Other In addition to Cash App and Square, we operate other businesses that advance our purpose of economic empowerment, primarily through bitcoin innovation and infrastructure. Bitcoin Ecosystem • Bitkey: Bitkey is a self-custody bitcoin wallet that gives individuals secure control over their bitcoin without relying on third-party custodians. Bitkey combines a mobile application, a hardware device, and recovery options that balance accessibility with security. Bitkey supports customers globally and is designed to increase individual participation in the bitcoin network by simplifying self-custody. • Proto: Proto designs mining systems and firmware in order to make the bitcoin network more decentralized, efficient, and accessible. Proto’s work includes the design of mining systems and open-source firmware that aim to lower barriers to entry for miners while promoting transparency in bitcoin mining. • Open-Source and Network Initiatives: We also support Spiral, an independent team focused on contributing to open-source bitcoin development and ecosystem growth. Spiral’s efforts advance the scalability, security, and usability of the bitcoin protocol and related tools, benefiting the broader bitcoin community. 14 Sales and Marketing Square The Square ecosystem has a strong brand affinity among its sellers, which we believe strengthens the Square brand and helps drive efficient customer acquisition. Direct marketing, online and offline, has also been an effective customer acquisition channel. These tactics include online search engine optimization and marketing, online display advertising, direct mail campaigns, direct response television advertising, mobile advertising, and affiliate and seller referral programs. Our direct sales and account management teams also contribute to the acquisition and support of larger sellers. Historically, our sales team was primarily focused on converting inbound leads from interest generated through other acquisition channels, and in more recent years, we have built out an outbound sales team focused on outreach to new prospective sellers. In the fourth quarter of 2024, we began hiring a field sales team to focus exclusively on in-person seller outreach to further increase acquisition of larger sellers. In 2025, we continued expanding our field sales organization, which now has approximately 150 representatives. We intend to continue expanding our field sales presence in domestic and international markets. Our direct, ongoing interactions with our sellers help us tailor offerings to them, at scale, and in the context of their usage. We use various scalable communication channels such as email marketing, in-product notifications and messaging, and Square Communities, our online forum for sellers, to increase the awareness and usage of our products and services with little incremental sales and marketing expense. Our customer support team also helps increase awareness and usage of our products as part of helping sellers address inquiries and issues. In addition to direct channels, we work with third-party developers and other partners who offer our solutions to their customers. As of December 31, 2025, Square had more than 1,000 managed partners connected to its platform. Cash App Cash App has also developed a strong brand, which can be traced back to our compelling features, self-serve experience, unique design, and engaging marketing. Peer-to-peer transactions serve as the primary acquisition channel for Cash App. Peer-to-peer transactions have powerful network effects as every time a customer sends or requests money, Cash App can potentially acquire a new customer or re-engage an existing customer. We have enhanced the efficiency of peer-to-peer transfers by streamlining the onboarding process for Cash App, enabling customers to sign up in minutes. We offer the peer-to-peer service to our Cash App customers for free, and we consider it to be a marketing tool to encourage the usage of Cash App. We do not generate revenue on the majority of peer-to-peer transactions and for these transactions we characterize card issuance costs, peer-to-peer costs, and risk loss as a sales and marketing expense. We continued to increase the pace of product development to support customer acquisition and retention. Cash App also uses paid marketing, including referrals, advertising spend, partnerships, and social media campaigns, to expand its network, as these programs help reach new customers, enhance its brand, and improve retention among existing customers. Cash App has a dedicated sales team focused on products like BNPL, Monthly Payment Solution, Cash App Pay, and other new and emerging products. This team builds relationships with several of the largest and most well known merchants in the US and relevant international markets for BNPL. 15 Product Development and Technology We design both our Square and Cash App products and services to be cohesive, fast, self-serve, and elegant, and product development is a cross-functional effort combining individuals from product management, engineering, data science, analytics, design, and product marketing. Our products and services are platform-agnostic with most supporting iOS, Android, and web. We frequently update our software products and have a rapid software release schedule with improvements deployed regularly. Our services are built on a scalable technology platform, and we place a strong emphasis on data analytics and machine learning to maximize the efficacy, efficiency, and scalability of our services. In our Square ecosystem, this technology platform enables us to capture and analyze billions of transactions per year and automate risk assessment for more than 99.95% of all transactions. Our Square hardware is designed and developed in-house, and we contract with third-party manufacturers for production. Our Competition Square The markets in which our Square ecosystem operates are competitive and evolving. Our competitors range from large, well-established vendors to smaller, earlier-stage companies. We seek to differentiate ourselves from competitors primarily on the basis of our extensive commerce ecosystem and our focus on building remarkable products and services that are cohesive, fast, self-serve, and elegant. In addition, we differentiate ourselves by offering transparent pricing, no mandatory long-term contracts, and our ability to innovate and reshape the industries we operate in to expand access to traditionally unserved or underserved sellers. With respect to each of these factors, we believe that we compare favorably to our competitors. Competitors that overlap with certain functions and features that we provide include: • Business software providers such as those that provide point of sale, website building, inventory management, employee management, customer relationship management invoicing, and appointment booking solutions; • Payment terminal vendors; • Merchant acquirers; • Banks that provide payment processing, checking, savings, loans, and payroll; • Pen and paper, manual processes, and paper currency; • Payroll processors; and • Established or new alternative lenders. Cash App Cash App competes with other companies in peer-to-peer payments, debit and prepaid cards, credit card rewards, stock trading, tax filing, digital wallet, bitcoin exchanges, BNPL providers, and shopping and consumer demand generation. Our competitors include money transfer apps, debit card offerings, brokerage firms, tax firms, financial technology apps, banks, and crypto trading services. We compete primarily on our differentiated lifestyle brand, the breadth of our network, the range of products in our ecosystem, and the simplicity and quality of our customer experience. We invest in brand, design, and technology with an aim to keep our products fast and simple, while also improving and expanding our features. Intellectual Property We seek to protect our intellectual property rights by relying on a combination of federal, state, and common law rights in the United States and other countries, as well as on contractual measures. It is our practice to enter into confidentiality, non-disclosure, and invention assignment agreements with our employees and contractors, and into confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements with other third parties, in order to limit access to, and disclosure and use of, our confidential information and proprietary technology. In addition to these contractual measures, we also rely on a combination of trademarks, trade dress, domain names, copyrights, trade secrets, and patent rights to help protect our brand and our other intellectual property. Additionally, we regularly contribute software source code under open source and other permissive licenses and have made other technology we developed, such as AI agents, available under such licenses, and we include open source software in our products. 16 We have developed a patent program and strategy to identify, apply for, and secure patents for innovative aspects of our products, services, and technologies where appropriate. We also pursue registration of our trademarks, logos, service marks, trade dress, and domain names in the United States and in other jurisdictions. We intend to file additional patent applications as we continue to innovate through our research and development efforts and to pursue additional patent protection to the extent we deem it beneficial and cost-effective, including acquiring patent assets or licensing patent rights from third parties. In addition, we participate in a number of industry organizations that facilitate patent pools or non-assertion commitments, such as the Cryptocurrency Open Patent Alliance that we co-founded, LOT Network, and Open Invention Network. Government Regulation Foreign and domestic legal requirements apply to many key aspects of our business. Any actual or perceived failure to comply with these requirements may result in, among other things, revocation of required licenses or registrations, loss of approved status, private litigation, regulatory or governmental investigations, administrative enforcement actions, sanctions, civil and criminal liability, monetary penalties, and constraints on our ability to continue to operate. It is also possible that current or future laws or regulations could be interpreted or applied in a manner that would prohibit, alter, or impair our existing or planned products and services, or that could require costly, time-consuming, or otherwise burdensome compliance measures from us. Payments Regulation Various laws and regulations govern the payments industry in the United States and globally. For example, certain jurisdictions in the United States require a license to offer money transmission services, such as Cash App’s peer-to-peer payments, and we maintain a license in each of those jurisdictions and comply with new license requirements as they arise. We are also registered as a “Money Services Business” with the U.S. Department of Treasury’s Financial Crimes Enforcement Network ("FinCEN"). These licenses and registrations subject us, among other things, to record-keeping requirements, reporting requirements, bonding requirements, limitations on the investment of customer funds, and examination by state and federal regulatory agencies. Outside the United States, we provide localized versions of some of our services to customers, including through various foreign subsidiaries. The activities of those non-U.S. entities are, or may be, supervised by regulatory authorities in the jurisdictions in which they operate. For instance, we hold an Australian Financial Services License issued by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission to provide non-cash payments in Australia, and we are licensed as an Electronic Money Institution to provide payments services and electronic money in the United Kingdom by the Financial Conduct Authority and in the European Union by the Central Bank of Ireland. Our payments services may be or become subject to regulation by other authorities, and the laws and regulations applicable to the payments industry in any given jurisdiction are always subject to interpretation and change. Consumer Protection Federal, local, state, and foreign regulatory and law enforcement agencies regulate financial products and enforce consumer protection laws, including those applicable to credit, deposit, and payments services, and other similar services. These agencies have broad consumer protection mandates, and they promulgate, interpret, and enforce rules and regulations that affect our business. 17 Anti-Money Laundering, Anti-Corruption, and Sanctions We are subject to anti-money laundering ("AML"), anti-corruption, and economic and trade sanctions laws and regulations in the United States and other jurisdictions in which we operate. The anti-corruption laws, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act, generally prohibit companies from making or offering improper payments to foreign government officials and political figures for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business or to gain an unfair business advantage. Economic and trade sanctions programs that are administered by the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Controls and equivalent applicable foreign authorities prohibit or restrict transactions to or from, or dealings with, specified countries, governments, individuals and entities, including narcotics traffickers and terrorists or terrorist organizations. We have implemented compliance programs and controls designed to comply with the laws and regulations to which we are subject. Bank Regulation Our subsidiary, Square Financial Services, operates as a Utah-chartered industrial loan company governed by the Utah Department of Financial Institutions and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC"). Deposit insurance is provided by the FDIC. Our partnerships with FDIC-insured financial institutions to offer certain banking products to customers also subject us to certain federal banking regulations. Lending Regulation Various laws and regulations govern lending in the United States and internationally. In the United States, Square Capital, LLC holds and maintains lending and collections licenses with state regulators to support lending products offered across the United States. Afterpay US Services, LLC holds and maintains lending licenses to support its product offerings. These lending licenses subject us to the supervision and examination authority of state regulators, and our partnerships with FDIC-insured financial institutions to offer certain lending products to customers subjects us to federal regulation and supervision. Outside the United States, we provide localized versions of some of our lending services to customers, including through our various foreign subsidiaries. The activities of our foreign subsidiaries are, or may be, supervised by regulatory authorities in the jurisdictions in which they operate. For example, we hold an Australian Credit Licence issued by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission. Our lending services have been and may continue to be subject to regulation by other applicable authorities or jurisdictions, and the laws and regulations applicable to the lending industry in any given jurisdiction are always subject to interpretation and change. Broker-Dealer Regulation Our subsidiary, Cash App Investing LLC ("Cash App Investing"), operates as a broker-dealer and is therefore registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") and a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). As a broker-dealer, Cash App Investing is subject to SEC and FINRA rules and regulations concerning matters that include, without limitation, how it markets its services, handles customer assets, keeps records, and reports to the SEC and FINRA. Cash App Investing is also registered in each state where it conducts business, and subject to those states’ securities laws and regulations. Virtual Currency Regulation We are subject to certain licensing and supervisory frameworks as a result of our virtual currency offerings, through which customers can buy, receive, hold and sell bitcoin, and transfer bitcoin. Square sellers can also receive bitcoin as a form of payment. We currently hold a New York State BitLicense and a Virtual Currency Business License in Louisiana. The laws and regulations applicable to virtual currency are evolving and subject to interpretation and change. Therefore, our current and future virtual currency services may be or become subject to additional licensing, regulatory requirements and oversight by other state and federal authorities. 18 Protection and Use of Information We collect and use a wide variety of information for various purposes in our business, including to help ensure the integrity of our services and to provide features and functionality to our customers. This aspect of our business, including the collection, use, disclosure, and protection of the information we acquire from our own services as well as from third-party sources, is subject to laws and regulations in the United States, the European Union, and elsewhere. Accordingly, we publish our privacy notices and terms of service, which describe our practices concerning the use, transmission, and disclosure of information. As our business continues to expand in the United States and worldwide, and as laws and regulations continue to be passed and their interpretations continue to evolve in numerous jurisdictions, additional laws and regulations may become relevant to us. Communications Regulation We send texts, emails, and other communications in a variety of contexts, such as when providing digital receipts and marketing. Communications laws and regulations, including those promulgated by the Federal Communications Commission, apply to certain aspects of this activity in the United States and elsewhere. Additional Developments Various legislative bodies and regulatory agencies in the United States and elsewhere in our international markets continue to examine a wide variety of issues that could impact our business, including privacy, data protection, information security, virtual currencies, identity theft, tax, marketing, and labor and employment matters. As our business continues to develop and expand, additional laws, rules and regulations may become relevant. Seasonality Historically, commerce enablement revenue for our Square ecosystem has been strongest in our fourth quarter and weakest in our first quarter, as our sellers typically generate additional GPV during the holiday season. Financial solutions and bitcoin ecosystem revenues generally demonstrate less seasonality than commerce enablement revenue. Historically, our Cash App ecosystem has experienced improvements in revenue, gross profit, and inflows related to the distribution of government funds as customers have deposited more funds into Cash App during these times, including during the first quarter when U.S. tax refunds are typically distributed. Certain products within Cash App may also experience stronger fourth quarters and weaker first quarters, such as our BNPL products, which typically generates additional revenue and gross profit during the holiday season. Typical seasonality trends for the Cash App ecosystem are also impacted by bitcoin revenue, which is driven by customer demand and the current market price of bitcoin, and as such, may not be indicative of future performance and skew typical seasonality trends in the Cash App ecosystem. Human Capital Our employees are a driving force behind our purpose of economic empowerment. Attracting, developing, and retaining top talent remain a focus in the development of our human capital programs. As of December 31, 2025, we had 10,205 full-time employees worldwide with 2,472 full-time employees outside the US. We also engage temporary employees and consultants as needed to support our operations. In February 2026 we announced a workforce reduction restructuring plan (the “Workforce Plan”) designed to better align our organizational structure with our operating model and strategic priorities. As part of the Workforce Plan, we expect to reduce our current workforce by more than 40%. We expect that the execution of the Workforce Plan will be substantially complete by the end of the second quarter of fiscal 2026. We have a purpose-driven culture, with a focus on employee input and well-being, which we believe enables us to attract and retain exceptional talent. We offer learning and development programs for all employees, including manager enablement offerings. Employees have the opportunity to actively voice their questions and thoughts through many internal channels, including our company townhall meetings. Our distributed work model means that we no longer have a designated headquarters location and, for the vast majority of roles, employees have the flexibility to work within or outside a Block office space. Our distributed work model has unlocked opportunities to hire and retain talent in more locations, as we can hire employees in locations where we do not have office space, and employees can continue to work for us if they need or want to relocate. 19 A key focus of our human capital management approach is our commitment to promoting inclusion and fairness in our workplace. We consider it a business requirement to build a company that reflects the customers and communities we serve. We have established company-wide manager expectations, including their responsibility to break down silos and hierarchy, maintain physiological safety and seek divergent perspectives. Across our employee programs, we have embedded policies and practices to ensure that hiring, promotion and compensation decisions are based on merit alone. From a total rewards perspective, Block offers a competitive compensation and benefits package, which is reviewed and updated each year. Our annual compensation planning coincides with our feedback cycle during which employees and managers have performance conversations to facilitate learning and career development. As part of our compensation review program, pay equity analyses are conducted annually. Corporate Information Block was incorporated in Delaware in June 2009. In 2020, we adopted a distributed work model and we no longer have a designated headquarters location. Our principal executive office, which we are required to identify under SEC rules, is 1955 Broadway, Suite 600 Oakland, CA 94612. Our telephone number is (415) 375-3176. Our website is located at www.block.xyz, and our investor relations website is located at investors.block.xyz. The information contained in, or accessible through, our website (including any referenced reports or documents) is not part of or incorporated into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We use various trademarks and trade names in our business, including “Block,” “Square,” “Cash App,” “Afterpay,” and "Proto," which we have registered in the United States and in various other countries. This Annual Report on Form 10-K also contains trademarks and trade names of other businesses that are the property of their respective holders. We have omitted the ® and ™ designations, as applicable, for the trademarks we name in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Available Information Copies of our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to these reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), are available, free of charge, on our investor relations website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file or furnish such material with the SEC. The SEC also maintains a website that contains our SEC filings. The address of the site is www.sec.gov. We webcast our earnings calls and certain events we participate in or host with members of the investment community on our investor relations website. Additionally, we provide notifications of news or announcements regarding our financial performance, including SEC filings, investor events, press and earnings releases, and blogs as part of our investor relations website. We have used, and intend to continue to use, our investor relations website, as well as the X (formerly known as Twitter) accounts @Blocks and @BlockIR, as means of disclosing material non-public information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Further corporate governance information, including our board committee charters, code of business conduct and ethics, and corporate governance guidelines, is also available on our investor relations website under the heading “Governance Documents.” The contents of our websites are not intended to be incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. 20

--- MANUFACTURING ---
contract manufacturers and suppliers may not be able to deliver sufficient quantities of that product to meet our requirements, or we may carry excess inventory, all of which could adversely affect our business. Additionally, various sources of supply-chain risk, including strikes or shutdowns at delivery ports or loss of or damage to our products while they are in transit or storage, intellectual property theft, losses due to tampering, third-party vendor issues with quality or sourcing control, failure by our suppliers to comply with applicable laws and regulation, potential tariffs or other trade restrictions, or other similar problems could limit or delay the supply of our products or harm our reputation. In the event of a shortage or supply interruption from suppliers of these components, we may not be able to develop alternate sources quickly, cost-effectively, or at all. Any interruption or delay in manufacturing, component supply, any increases in component costs, or the inability to obtain these parts or components from alternate sources at acceptable prices and within a reasonable amount of time, would harm our ability to provide our products to sellers on a timely basis or impact our cost of goods sold. This could harm our relationships with our sellers, prevent us from acquiring new sellers, and materially and adversely affect our business. Some of our hardware devices manufactured outside of the United States are subject to tariffs when imported to the United States. These tariffs negatively affect our gross margin on the impacted products, and increases in our pricing as a result of tariffs may adversely affect demand for our products or reduce the competitiveness of our products if our competitors do not make similar pricing adjustments. The impact of any increased or new tariffs or other trade restrictions, for example, as proposed or instituted by the U.S. administration, could have a material and adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 41 Our services must integrate with a variety of operating systems. If we are unable to ensure that our services or hardware interoperate with such operating systems and devices, our business may be materially and adversely affected. We are dependent on the ability of our products and services to integrate with a variety of operating systems, web browsers, and wired and wireless interfaces to mobile devices that we do not control. Any changes in these systems that degrade the functionality of our products and services, impose additional costs or requirements on us, or give preferential treatment to competitive services, including their own services, could materially and adversely affect usage of our products and services. In addition, we rely on app marketplaces, such as the Apple App Store and Google Play, to drive downloads of our mobile apps. Apple, Google, or other operators of app marketplaces regularly make changes to their marketplaces, and those changes may make access to our products and services more difficult. In the event that it is difficult for our customers to access and use our products and services, our business may be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, Apple, Google, or other operators of app marketplaces regularly provide software updates, and such software updates may not operate effectively with our products and services, which may reduce the demand for our products and services, result in dissatisfaction by our customers, and may materially and adversely affect our business. Economic, Financial, and Tax Risks Volatility in general macroeconomic conditions could materially and adversely affect our business and financial results. Our performance is subject to economic conditions and the impact of such conditions on levels of spending by businesses and individuals. Most of the sellers that use our services are small businesses, many of which are in the early stages of their development, and these businesses are often disproportionately adversely affected by economic downturns and may fail at a higher rate than larger or more established businesses. In particular, inflation and economic volatility, including the impact of heightened tariffs, a potential recession, and market expectations regarding the same, have impacted and may continue to impact consumer spending in general and at these businesses. Small businesses frequently have limited budgets and limited access to capital, and they may choose to allocate their spending to items other than our financial or marketing services, especially in times of economic uncertainty or in recessions. In addition, if our sellers cease to operate, this may have an adverse impact not only on the growth of our payments services but also on our transaction and advance loss rates, and the success of our other services. We serve sellers across a variety of industry verticals and in an economic downturn, certain verticals, particularly those that are viewed as discretionary by consumers, may be impacted to a greater degree than others, which may harm our business and financial results. From time to time, we have experienced and may continue to experience material and adverse impacts to our business as a result of the uncertainty and volatility in the banking and financial services sectors, adverse macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, heightened or uncertain tariffs, and interest rate increases, availability of credit, bankruptcies or insolvencies of customers, and recession or economic downturn. Changes in interest rates and monetary policy can impact the demand for new loans, the credit profile of our borrowers, the yields earned on loans and securities, and the rates paid on deposits and borrowings. Heightened tariffs and changes in trade policies may lead to increased costs for goods and services, which could reduce consumer purchasing power and discretionary spending. Our ecosystems depend in part on consumer spending and, as a result, declines in spending have adversely affected and could adversely affect our business, including engagement across our platforms, and our financial results. As a result of economic conditions, the growth in the number of Square sellers qualifying for participation in the Square Loans program may slow, or business loans may be paid more slowly, or not at all. In addition, customers who utilize our BNPL products and consumer loan products, such as Cash App Borrow, may also be disproportionately adversely affected by economic downturns, which could negatively impact demand or eligibility for these product offerings and have caused and may continue to cause loss rates on such products to increase. Further, our suppliers, distributors, and other third-party partners may suffer their own financial and economic challenges. Such suppliers and third parties may demand pricing accommodations, delay payment, or become insolvent, which could harm our ability to meet end customer demands or collect revenue or otherwise could harm our business. Furthermore, our investment portfolio, which includes U.S. government and corporate securities, is subject to general credit, liquidity, market, and interest rate risks, which may be exacerbated by certain events that affect the global financial markets. If global credit and equity markets decline for extended periods, or if there is a downgrade of the securities within our portfolio, our investment portfolio may be adversely affected and we could determine that our investments have experienced an other-than-temporary decline in fair value, requiring impairment charges that could adversely affect our financial results. In addition, from time to time we have reduced expenses and needed to restructure or reorganize certain portions of our operations in order to align our business with market conditions and our strategies, any of which can result in near term expense and harm to our growth prospects. 42 We are currently subletting some of our office space. An economic downturn and our work-from-home practices have caused and may in the future cause us to need less office space than we are contractually committed to leasing. We have, and may continue to, incur losses or recognize impairment charges in connection with any unused office space if we are unable to successfully sublease any unused office space, or if we are unable to successfully terminate any of our leasing commitments. We may not be able to secure financing on favorable terms, or at all, to meet our future capital needs. We fund our operations primarily through debt and equity financings, bank credit agreements, warehouse funding facilities, and cash from operations. While we believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents, marketable debt securities, and availability under our line of credit are sufficient to meet our working capital needs, planned capital expenditures, and service our debt, there is no guarantee that this will continue to be true in the future. In the future, we may require or seek additional capital to respond to business opportunities, refinancing needs, business and financial challenges, regulatory surety bond requirements, acquisitions, or unforeseen circumstances and may decide to engage in equity, equity-linked, or debt financings or enter into additional credit agreements for other reasons. We may not be able to secure any such additional financing or refinancing on favorable terms, in a timely manner, or at all. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us when we require it, our ability to continue to grow or support our business and to respond to business challenges could be significantly limited. The terms of our warehouse funding facilities contain covenants that may be triggered in certain situations (such as non-repayments on consumer borrowings exceeding certain monetary thresholds or key management resigning), which may negatively impact our ability to obtain additional funding under the warehouse funding facilities. If certain events of default occur under the warehouse funding facilities, we may not be able to draw future funding from those warehouse funding facilities or the debt outstanding under the warehouse funding facilities may be accelerated and our business and financial results could be adversely impacted. Our credit agreement contains affirmative and negative covenants, including covenants that restrict our domestic restricted subsidiaries from incurring debt for borrowed money, us and our domestic restricted subsidiaries from granting liens to secure debt for borrowed money and entering into sale and leaseback transactions, and customary limitations on dividends and stock repurchases. Our credit agreement also requires us to comply with a maximum total net leverage ratio, measured quarterly. The indentures pursuant to which our 2026 Senior Notes, 2030 Senior Notes, 2031 Senior Notes, 2032 Senior Notes, and 2033 Senior Notes (collectively, the “Senior Notes”) were issued contain covenants that restrict or could restrict, among other things, our business and operations. Any debt financing obtained by us in the future could also involve restrictive covenants relating to our capital-raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us to operate our business, obtain additional capital, and pursue business opportunities, including potential acquisitions. Our ability to comply with these covenants may be affected by events beyond our control, and breaches of these covenants could result in a default under our existing credit agreement or our Senior Notes and any future financing agreements into which we may enter. If not waived, these defaults could cause indebtedness outstanding under our credit agreement, our Senior Notes, our other outstanding indebtedness, including our 2026 Convertible Notes and 2027 Convertible Notes (collectively, the “Convertible Notes,” and together with the Senior Notes, the “Notes”), and any future financing agreements that we may enter into to become immediately due and payable or may prevent us from borrowing under our credit agreement. We sell some of our Square Loans to third-party investors, while we remain as servicer of the Square Loans and earn a servicing fee for facilitating the repayment of these loans. If such third parties fail to continue to purchase Square Loans, or reduce the amount of Square Loans they purchase or reduce the price they are willing to pay for the Square Loans, then we may need to reduce originations, or we would need to fund the origination or purchase of additional Square Loans using other sources of financing, all of which could adversely impact our business. If we raise additional funds through further issuances of equity or other securities convertible into equity, including convertible debt securities, our existing stockholders could suffer dilution in their percentage ownership of our company, and any such securities we issue could have rights, preferences, and privileges senior to those of holders of our Class A common stock. 43 Changes by any rating agency to our outlook or credit rating could negatively affect the value of both our debt and equity securities and increase our borrowing costs. If our credit ratings are downgraded or other negative action is taken, our ability to obtain additional financing in the future on favorable terms or at all could be adversely affected. Servicing our Notes may require a significant amount of cash, and we may not have sufficient cash or the ability to raise the funds necessary to settle conversions of the Convertible Notes in cash, repay the Notes at maturity, or repurchase the Notes as required following a fundamental change. As of December 31, 2025, we had $575.0 million outstanding aggregate principal amount of 2026 Convertible Notes, $575.0 million outstanding aggregate principal amount of 2027 Convertible Notes, $1.0 billion outstanding aggregate principal amount of 2026 Senior Notes, $1.2 billion outstanding aggregate principal amount of 2030 Senior Notes, $1.0 billion outstanding aggregate principal amount of 2031 Senior Notes, $2.0 billion outstanding aggregate principal amount of 2032 Senior Notes, and $1.0 billion outstanding aggregate principal amount of 2033 Senior Notes. Prior to February 1, 2026, in the case of the 2026 Convertible Notes, and August 1, 2027, in the case of the 2027 Convertible Notes, the applicable Convertible Notes are convertible at the option of the holders only under certain conditions or upon the occurrence of certain events. After such dates, the holders may convert all or a portion of such Convertible Notes at their option. If holders of the Convertible Notes of a series elect to convert such Convertible Notes when eligible, we will be required to settle the Convertible Notes in cash, shares of Class A common stock or any combination thereof. In addition, holders of each series of Notes also have the right to require us to repurchase all or a portion of their Notes of such series upon the occurrence of a fundamental change (as defined in the applicable indenture governing the Notes) and, in the case of the Senior Notes, accompanied by a downgrade of the Senior Notes, at a repurchase price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Convertible Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, or at a repurchase price equal to 101% of the principal amount of the Senior Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, as applicable. If the Notes of any series have not previously been converted or repurchased, we will be required to repay such Notes in cash at maturity. Our ability to make required cash payments in connection with conversions of the Convertible Notes, repurchase the Notes as required following a fundamental change, or to repay or refinance the Notes at maturity will depend on market conditions and our future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive, and other factors beyond our control. We also may not use the cash proceeds we raised through the issuance of the Notes in an optimally productive and profitable manner. In the future, we may not have enough available cash or be able to obtain financing at the time we are required to repurchase or repay the Notes or pay cash with respect to the Convertible Notes being converted to the extent we elect to settle such Convertible Notes in cash. In addition, our ability to repurchase or to pay cash upon conversion or at maturity of the Notes may be limited by law or regulatory authority. Our failure to repurchase Notes as required following a fundamental change or to pay cash upon conversion of our Convertible Notes (unless we elect to deliver solely shares of our Class A common stock to settle such conversion) or at maturity of the Notes as required by the applicable indenture would constitute a default under such indenture. A default under the applicable indenture could also lead to a default under our credit agreement, our other outstanding indebtedness, or agreements governing our future indebtedness. Moreover, the occurrence of the fundamental change itself could lead to such a default. Any such default could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. If the payment of our other outstanding indebtedness or future indebtedness were to be accelerated after any applicable notice or grace periods, we may not have sufficient funds to repay such indebtedness and repurchase the Notes or to pay cash upon conversion of the Convertible Notes or at maturity of the Notes. 44 We are subject to counterparty risk with respect to the convertible note hedge transactions. In connection with the issuance of each series of our Convertible Notes, we entered into convertible note hedge transactions with certain financial institutions, which we refer to as the "option counterparties." The option counterparties are financial institutions or affiliates of financial institutions, and we will be subject to the risk that one or more of such option counterparties may default under the convertible note hedge transactions. Our exposure to the credit risk of the option counterparties will not be secured by any collateral. If any option counterparty becomes subject to insolvency proceedings, we will become an unsecured creditor in those proceedings with a claim equal to our exposure at that time under the convertible note hedge transaction. Our exposure will depend on many factors but, generally, the increase in our exposure will be correlated to the increase in our Class A common stock market price and in the volatility of the market price of our Class A common stock. In addition, upon a default by any option counterparty, we may suffer adverse tax consequences and dilution with respect to our Class A common stock. We can provide no assurance as to the financial stability or viability of any option counterparty. Our bitcoin investment is subject to volatile market prices. We have made, and expect to make additional, investments in bitcoin. The price of bitcoin has been highly volatile and may continue to be volatile in the future, due to market factors, regulatory developments and other risks that are outside of our control. The prevalence of bitcoin is a relatively recent trend, and the long-term adoption of bitcoin by investors, consumers, and businesses remains uncertain. Bitcoin’s lack of a physical form, its reliance on technology for its creation, existence, and transactional validation, and its decentralization may subject its integrity to the threat of malicious attacks and technological obsolescence. To the extent the market value of our bitcoin investment decreases relative to the purchase prices, our financial condition may be adversely impacted. The manner in which we account for our bitcoin under applicable accounting rules has changed. Prior to our adoption of Accounting Standards Update 2023-08, "Accounting for and Disclosure of Crypto Assets", which added Subtopic Accounting Standards Codification 350-60, “Intangibles - Goodwill and Other - Crypto Asset”, to the accounting standards codification (“ASU 2023-08”), our bitcoin was accounted for as an indefinite-lived intangible asset and for each reporting period, we were required to evaluate our bitcoin for impairment and record impairment losses if the fair value decreased below the carrying value during the assessed period. Since impairment losses for our bitcoin investment could not be recovered for any subsequent increases in fair value until the asset was sold, our operating results were adversely affected in any period in which such impairment occurred. Upon adoption of ASU 2023-08, we remeasured our bitcoin investment to its fair value as of January 1, 2023, resulting in an adjustment to our accumulated deficit. We will continue to remeasure our bitcoin investment at the end of each reporting period with changes recognized in our consolidated statements of operations. Accordingly, fluctuations in the market value of bitcoin in any quarter may cause fluctuations in our financial results. If there are future changes in applicable accounting rules that require us to change the manner in which we account for our bitcoin investment, there could be a material and adverse effect on our financial results and the market price of our Class A common stock. We are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. Our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates through our international operations could have a negative impact on our reported results of operations. From time to time, we may enter into forward contracts, options, and/or foreign exchange swaps related to foreign currency exposures that arise in the normal course of our business. These and other such hedging activities may not eliminate our exposure to foreign exchange fluctuations. Moreover, the use of hedging instruments may introduce additional risks if we are unable to structure effective hedges with such instruments. 45 We are subject to taxation related risks in multiple jurisdictions. We are subject to tax in multiple U.S. and foreign tax jurisdictions. The determination of our worldwide provision for income, deferred, and other tax liabilities is complex and requires judgment by management, and there are many transactions during the ordinary course of business where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Although we believe our estimates are reasonable, the ultimate tax outcome may differ from amounts recorded in our financial statements and may materially affect our financial results in the period or periods for which such determination is made. We are subject to the periodic examination of our domestic and foreign tax returns by the Internal Revenue Service, and state, local, and foreign tax authorities, some of whom are challenging our tax positions. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes from these examinations in determining the adequacy of our provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities. We consider many factors when evaluating and estimating our tax positions and tax benefits, which may require periodic adjustments and may not accurately forecast actual tax audit outcomes. If the ultimate determination of income and other tax liabilities differ from the amounts recorded or accrued, our business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely impacted. Tax laws are routinely re-examined and evaluated globally. New laws and interpretations of such laws are taken into account to the extent they are applicable to us. Tax authorities are increasingly scrutinizing the tax positions of companies and we have tax audits pending in several jurisdictions. The U.S. federal and state governments, countries in the European Union, as well as a number of other countries and organizations such as the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (“OECD”), are actively considering changes to existing tax laws that, if enacted, could increase our tax obligations in jurisdictions where we do business, including a 15% global minimum tax (Pillar Two) that has been implemented by several countries and is being considered for implementation by other jurisdictions. On January 5, 2026, the OECD announced a “side-by-side” elective safe harbor that exempts U.S.-parented multinational entities from some of the Pillar Two rules (including the fifteen percent global minimum tax) for fiscal years beginning on or after January 1, 2026. If U.S. or other tax authorities change applicable tax laws or successfully challenge how or where our profits are currently recognized, our overall taxes could increase, and our business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely impacted. We have in the past recorded, and may in the future record, significant valuation allowances on our deferred tax assets, which may have a material impact on our results of operations and cause fluctuations in such results. As of December 31, 2025, our deferred tax assets relate predominantly to the U.S. federal and state tax jurisdictions. The need for a valuation allowance requires an assessment of both positive and negative evidence to determine whether it is more likely than not that deferred tax assets are recoverable; such assessment is required on a jurisdiction-by-jurisdiction basis. In making such an assessment, significant weight is given to evidence that can be objectively verified. Refer to Note 15, Income Taxes within Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further details. We continue to monitor the likelihood that we will be able to recover our deferred tax assets in the future and adjustments in our valuation allowance may be required. The recording of any future increases in or release of all or any portion of our valuation allowance could have a material impact on our reported results, and both the recording and release of the valuation allowance could cause fluctuations in our quarterly and annual results of operations. 46 Legal, Regulatory, and Compliance Risks Our business is subject to extensive regulation and oversight in a variety of areas, all of which are subject to change and uncertain interpretation. We are subject to a wide variety of local, state, federal, and international laws, regulations, licensing schemes, and industry standards in the United States and in other countries in which we operate. These laws, regulations, and standards govern numerous areas that are important to our business, and include, or may in the future include, those relating to or placing restrictions upon banking, lending, deposit-taking, cross-border and domestic money transmission, foreign exchange, payments services (such as payment processing and settlement services), cryptocurrency, trading in shares and fractional shares, personal income tax filing, fraud detection, consumer protection, anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and anti-corruption, escheatment, sanctions regimes and export controls, AI, privacy, data protection and cybersecurity, fiscalization and compliance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard, a set of requirements designed to ensure that all companies that process, store, or transmit payment card information maintain a secure environment to protect cardholder data. These laws, rules, regulations, and standards are enforced by multiple authorities and governing bodies in the United States, including federal agencies, such as the FDIC, the SEC, FinCEN, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ("CFPB"), the Department of Justice ("DOJ"), the Federal Trade Commission, the IRS and Office of Foreign Assets Control, self-regulatory organizations, and numerous state and local agencies, such as state money transmission license regulators and virtual currency regulators. Outside of the United States, we are subject to additional regulators, authorities, and governing bodies. As we expand into new jurisdictions, expand our product offerings in existing jurisdictions, or as laws, regulations, and standards evolve, the number of foreign regulations and regulators, authorities, and governing bodies governing our business will expand as well. For example, in connection with our acquisition of Afterpay we established a secondary listing on the ASX, subjecting us to additional listing requirements. As our business and products continue to develop and expand, we may become subject to additional rules, regulations, and industry standards. We may not always be able to accurately predict the scope or applicability of certain regulations to our business, particularly as we expand into new areas of operations, which could have a significant negative effect on our existing business and our ability to pursue future plans. In addition, certain regulators have imposed and in the future may impose additional requirements on our business as a condition for obtaining or maintaining permits, licenses or rights to conduct our business, including conditions under any settlements and consent orders with regulators, that restrict our business or our ability to take certain actions. If we fail to comply with the terms of such permits, licenses or other requirements, we could face regulatory or other enforcement actions, penalties or we may not be able to continue operating our business in the same manner. Laws, regulations, and standards are subject to changes and evolving interpretations and application, including by means of judicial decisions, legislative changes and/or executive orders, and may not be consistent across jurisdictions or regulatory bodies. It can be difficult to predict how such laws, regulations, and standards may be applied to our business and the way we conduct our operations, particularly as we introduce new products and services and expand into new jurisdictions. For example, Cash App and Square have features that permit our customers and sellers to transact in bitcoin. Bitcoin is not widely accepted as legal tender or backed by governments around the world, and it has experienced price volatility, technological glitches, security compromises, and various law enforcement and regulatory interventions. Certain existing laws also prohibit transactions with certain persons and entities, and we have a risk-based program in place to prevent such transactions. Despite this, due to the nature of bitcoin and blockchain technology, not all such transactions can be prevented, and there can be no guarantee that our risk-based program or our compliance measures will be viewed as sufficient. The regulation of bitcoin, as well as cryptocurrency and digital asset platforms is an evolving area, and we could become subject to additional legislation or regulation in the future, or we might not be able to continue operating our product features that facilitate transactions in bitcoin, at least in current form. If we fail to comply with regulations or prohibitions applicable to us, we could face regulatory or other enforcement actions, potential fines, injunctions, consent orders, reputational harm, and other consequences. Further, we may need to make other changes to our business operations, our products or our services as a result of changes in laws, regulations, standards, or decisions made by governing or regulatory authorities, all of which could cause the price of our Class A common stock to decrease. 47 We are subject to audits, inspections, inquiries, and investigations from regulators, authorities, and governing bodies, as applicable, on an ongoing basis, as well as certain monitoring of our compliance with our obligations under applicable laws, regulations and agreements. Although we have a compliance program focused on the laws, rules, regulations, and standards applicable to our business, we have been and are still subject to audits, inspections, inquiries, investigations, fines, or other actions or penalties in one or more jurisdictions levied by regulators, including federal and state agencies, state Attorneys General and private plaintiffs who may be acting as private attorneys general pursuant to various applicable laws, as well as those levied by foreign regulators, authorities, and governing bodies. For example, following the publication of a short seller report in March 2023, we received inquiries from the SEC and DOJ and we continue to cooperate in such matters. Refer to Note 19, Commitments and Contingencies within Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further details on regulatory and litigation matters. Regulatory, governmental and other agencies have and may continue to coordinate or share information from time to time, which may result in new or consolidated actions by various agencies against us. In addition to fines, penalties for failing to comply with applicable rules and regulations could include significant criminal and civil lawsuits, forfeiture of significant assets, increased licensure requirements, revocation of licenses or other enforcement actions. We have been and may be required to make changes to our business practices or compliance programs as a result of regulatory scrutiny. In addition, any perceived or actual failure by us to comply with applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards or consent orders, including any perception that the risk of such a failure by us has increased, could have a significant impact on our reputation as a trusted brand and could cause increased regulatory scrutiny, including the imposition or extension of regulatory obligations, could cause us to lose existing customers, prevent us from obtaining new customers, require us to expend significant funds to remedy issues identified by regulators, and expose us to legal risk and potential criminal and civil liability. 48 Our business is subject to complex and evolving regulations and oversight related to privacy, data protection, and information security. We are subject to laws and regulations relating to the collection, use, retention, privacy, protection, security, and transfer of information, including personal information of our employees and customers. As with the other laws and regulations noted above, these laws and regulations may change or be interpreted and applied differently over time and from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, and it is possible they will be interpreted and applied in ways that will materially and adversely affect our business. For example, the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) and similar legislation in the United Kingdom (“U.K.”) impose stringent privacy and data protection requirements and provide for greater penalties for noncompliance of up to the greater of 4% of worldwide annual revenue or €20 million or £17.5 million, as applicable. The GDPR restricts international data transfers from the EU to other jurisdictions unless the rights of the individual data subjects in respect of their personal data is protected by an approved transfer mechanism, or one of a limited number of exceptions applies. In the U.K., the Data Protection Act and legislation referred to as the U.K. GDPR substantially enact the GDPR into U.K. law and provide for similar requirements. When transferring personal data from the EU to other jurisdictions, we utilize standard contractual clauses published by the EU Commission (the "SCCs"). We use similar mechanisms approved by the U.K. Information Commissioner’s Office when transferring personal data from the UK to other jurisdictions. On July 16, 2020, the Court of Justice of the European Union issued a decision imposing additional obligations on companies when relying on those SCCs. On July 10, 2023, the European Commission issued its “adequacy decision” for the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, concluding that the DPF ensures U.S. protection of personal data transferred between the countries is comparable to that offered in the EU. In the U.K., personal data generally may be transferred from the EU to the U.K. without restriction pursuant to an adequacy decision issued by the European Commission under the GDPR and the Law Enforcement Directive, which was renewed in 2025 to extend through December 2031. The European Commission may intervene at any time with respect to its adequacy decision. The UK’s adequacy determination may be subject to modification or revocation in the future. These and other developments relating to cross-border data transfer could result in increased costs of compliance and limitations on our customers and us. Additionally, legal or regulatory challenges or other developments relating to cross-border data transfer may serve as a basis for our personal data handling practices, or those of our customers and vendors, to be challenged and may otherwise adversely impact our business, financial condition, and operating results. We could be required to make additional changes to the way we conduct our business and transmit data between the U.S., the U.K., the EU, and the rest of the world. Further, data protection authorities in the EU increasingly are focused on the use of online analytics and tracking tools, with some contending that the use of these tools may violate EU data protection laws. Moreover, the EU’s evolving interpretation of the ePrivacy Directive's requirements regarding the use of cookies and similar technologies may lead to regulators imposing measures in the future that could directly impact our use of such technologies or lead to significant penalties for non-compliance. Any of these changes or other developments with respect to EU data protection law could disrupt our business and otherwise adversely impact our business, financial condition, and operating results. In addition, some countries are considering or have enacted legislation addressing matters such as requirements for local storage and processing of data that could impact our compliance obligations, expose us to liability, and increase the cost and complexity of delivering our services. Likewise, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) became effective on January 1, 2020 and was amended by the California Privacy Rights Act, which was passed in November 2020 and became effective on January 1, 2023. The CCPA, as amended, imposes stringent data privacy and data protection requirements relating to personal information of California residents, and provides for penalties for noncompliance of up to $7,500 per violation. Regulations promulgated under the CCPA in September 2025 impose restrictive new obligations regarding, among other things, automated decision-making technology and cybersecurity programs. Aspects of the interpretation and enforcement of the CCPA remain unclear. More generally, privacy, data protection, and information security continue to be rapidly evolving areas, and further legislative activity has arisen and will likely continue to arise in the U.S., the EU, and other jurisdictions. For example, many states in the U.S. have proposed or enacted comprehensive privacy laws that have taken effect or will take effect in coming years. Moreover, several states in the U.S. are now contemplating new regulatory frameworks specific to the privacy of individuals under 18 years of age. At the same time, the U.S. federal government continues to discuss comprehensive federal privacy legislation and expanded legislation with respect to the privacy of children, which may substantially increase our compliance obligations. Additionally, the U.S. Department of Justice issued final rules, effective April 8, 2025, that prohibit and restrict certain access to U.S. bulk sensitive personal data and U.S. government-related data by designated countries of concern. The effects of recently proposed or enacted laws and regulation potentially are far-reaching and may require us to modify our data processing practices and policies and to incur substantial costs and expenses in an effort to comply. Further, variances in these laws and regulations or their interpretations may increase our compliance costs. 49 We have incurred, and may continue to incur, significant expenses to comply with evolving privacy, data protection, and cybersecurity standards and protocols imposed by law, regulation, industry standards, shifting consumer expectations, or contractual obligations. Laws and regulations directed at privacy, data protection, and cybersecurity, and those that have been applied in those areas, can be challenging to comply with and may be subject to evolving interpretations or applications. In particular, with laws and regulations such as the GDPR and similar privacy laws in Australia, Canada, and Japan, as well as the CCPA and other laws in the U.S. imposing new and relatively burdensome obligations, and with the interpretation and application of these and other laws and regulations subject to evolving and uncertain interpretation and application, we may face challenges in addressing their requirements and making necessary changes to our policies and practices, and we may incur significant costs and expenses in an effort to do so. Any failure, real or perceived, by us to comply with our privacy, data protection, or information security policies, changing consumer expectations, or with any evolving legal or regulatory requirements, industry standards, or contractual obligations could result in claims, demands, and litigation by private parties, investigations and other proceedings by regulatory authorities, and fines, penalties and other liabilities, may harm our reputation and competitive position, and may cause our customers to reduce their use of our products and services, disrupt our supply chain or third-party vendor or developer partnerships, and materially and adversely affect our business. We are subject to risks related to legal and regulatory matters. We are currently, and may continue to be, subject to a variety of legal and regulatory matters, including claims, lawsuits (including class actions and individual lawsuits), arbitrations, disputes, investigations, subpoenas, inquiries or audits, and other actions or proceedings, including from regulatory bodies and governmental agencies. We have been, and may continue to be, subject to enforcement actions from regulatory bodies and governmental agencies, which may be public and may harm our brand and reputation, cause our customers to stop using our product or applications, cause our partners to discontinue their relationship with us, impair our ability to grow our customer base, subject us to financial penalties and liabilities, injunctions, and otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In connection with certain regulatory or governmental actions, we are and may continue to be required to engage independent monitors or independent consultants to assess or report on aspects of our operations or compliance programs, which could require substantial management time and attention, impose operational constraints, and result in increased costs. Further, regulatory uncertainty or future changes in the regulatory landscape, whether at the state or federal level, or otherwise, may make it more difficult to plan or operate our business and may harm our business and results of operations. The number and significance of our legal or regulatory matters have increased as we have grown larger, as our business has expanded in scope and geographic reach, and as our products and services have increased in complexity, and we expect that we will continue to face additional legal or regulatory matters as we continue to grow and expand. We also receive significant media attention, which could result in increased legal or regulatory matters. Moreover, legal or regulatory matters have in the past and could in the future cause follow-on litigation or regulatory scrutiny by additional parties. These matters may require significant time and expense even if we are successful in resolving the matter, and the outcomes can be uncertain and unpredictable and may involve material penalties, fines, or restrictions on our business. In addition, our recently announced workforce reduction and any reassignment of responsibilities, together with potential increased reliance on automation and AI tools to support certain legal, regulatory compliance and risk management functions, may limit our capacity and introduce additional oversight risks. If such tools do not perform as anticipated or are not effectively implemented and monitored, our ability to maintain effective governance, compliance, and risk processes during and after the transition could be impaired, which could increase the risk of regulatory inquiries, investigations, litigation, enforcement actions, control deficiencies and penalties. 50 Some of the laws and regulations affecting the internet, mobile commerce, dispute resolution, payment processing, BNPL, AI, bitcoin and equity investing, streaming service, business financing, and employment were not written with businesses like ours in mind, and many of the laws and regulations, including those affecting us have been enacted relatively recently. As a result, there is substantial uncertainty regarding the scope and application of many of the laws and regulations to which we are or may be subject, which increases the risk that we will be subject to claims alleging violations of those laws and regulations. The scope, outcome, and impact of legal or regulatory matters to which we are subject cannot be predicted with certainty. Regardless of the outcome, such matters can have a material and adverse impact on us due to their costs, diversion of our resources, restrictions placed on our business, and other factors. Plaintiffs or regulatory agencies may seek, and we may become subject to, preliminary or provisional rulings in the course of litigation, including preliminary injunctions requiring us to cease some or all of our operations. We may decide to settle legal or regulatory matters on terms that are unfavorable to us. In the event that settlements of legal or regulatory matters or the successful assertion of one or more claims against us are not covered by insurance, exceed available insurance coverage or exceed the amount we have accrued or otherwise set aside for self-insured risks, our business, financial condition, and reputation may be adversely affected. As a licensed money transmitter and virtual currency business, we are subject to important obligations and restrictions. We have obtained licenses to operate as a money transmitter and to engage in virtual currency business activity in the U.S. and in the states where this is required, as well as in some non-U.S. jurisdictions, including but not limited to the EU, the U.K., and Australia. As a licensed entity, we are subject to obligations and restrictions including with respect to the investment of customer funds, reporting requirements, bonding requirements, and inspection by state and federal regulatory agencies concerning those aspects of our business considered money transmission and regulated virtual currency business. Evaluation of our compliance efforts, as well as the questions of whether and to what extent our products and services are considered money transmission and regulated virtual currency business, are matters of regulatory interpretation and could change over time. Our state regulators also frequently collaborate on their examinations of our business. We have and continue to work with them on any concerns they raise. In the past, we have been subject to, and may in the future be subject to, fines and other penalties by such regulatory authorities due to their interpretations and applications to our business of their respective state money transmission laws. For example, in January 2025, we entered into a settlement agreement and consent order with various state money transmission license regulators related to aspects of our Bank Secrecy Act/anti-money laundering program. Failure to take required corrective actions may result in further exposure to state action. Any examinations and investigations by state regulators could result in liability, including governmental fines, restrictions on our business, or other sanctions, and we could be forced to cease conducting business or offering certain products or services in certain jurisdictions, be forced to otherwise change our business practices in certain jurisdictions, or be required to obtain additional licenses or regulatory approvals. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain or maintain any such licenses, and, even if we were able to do so, there could be substantial costs and potential product changes involved in maintaining such licenses, which could have a material and adverse effect on our business. In addition, applicable laws, regulations, regulatory interpretations, and supervisory expectations may change over time, which could further increase our compliance costs, limit our operations, or require additional licenses or changes to our structure, products or services. We are subject to a number of regulatory risks in the BNPL space. The regulation of BNPL products is evolving, and states or countries have and may continue to pass new or additional regulations or additional and changing legal, regulatory, tax, licensing, and compliance requirements and industry standards that could adversely impact our BNPL products. Any inability, or perceived inability, to comply with existing or new compliance obligations issued by any regulatory authority, including with respect to BNPL products, could lead to regulatory investigations, or result in administrative or enforcement action, such as fines, penalties, and/or enforceable undertakings and adversely affect us and our results of operations. Regulatory scrutiny or changes in the BNPL space may impose significant compliance costs and make it uneconomical for us to continue to operate in our current markets or for us to expand into new markets. 51 Our subsidiary Cash App Investing is a broker-dealer registered with the SEC and a member of FINRA, and therefore is subject to extensive regulation and scrutiny. Our subsidiary Cash App Investing facilitates transactions in shares and fractionalized shares of publicly-traded stock and exchange-traded funds by users of our Cash App through a third-party carrying broker-dealer. Cash App Investing is registered with the SEC as a broker-dealer under the Exchange Act and is a member of FINRA. Therefore, Cash App Investing is subject to regulation, examination, and supervision by the SEC, FINRA, and state securities regulators. The regulations applicable to broker-dealers cover all aspects of the securities business, including sales practices, use and safekeeping of clients’ funds and securities, capital adequacy, record-keeping, and the conduct and qualification of officers, employees, and independent contractors. As part of the regulatory process, broker-dealers are subject to periodic examinations by their regulators, the purpose of which is to determine compliance with securities laws and regulations, and from time to time may be subject to additional routine and for-cause examinations. It is not uncommon for regulators to assert, upon completion of an examination, that the broker-dealer being examined has violated certain of these rules and regulations. Depending on the nature and extent of the violations, the broker-dealer may be required to pay a fine and/or be subject to other forms of disciplinary and corrective action. Additionally, the adverse publicity arising from the imposition of sanctions could harm our reputation and cause us to lose existing customers or fail to gain new customers. The SEC, FINRA, and state regulators have the authority to bring administrative or judicial proceedings against broker-dealers, whether arising out of examinations or otherwise, for violations of state and federal securities laws. Administrative sanctions can include cease-and-desist orders, censure, fines, and disgorgement and may even result in the suspension or expulsion of the firm from the securities industry. Similar sanctions may be imposed upon officers, directors, representatives, and employees. Cash App Investing has adopted, and regularly reviews and updates, various policies, controls, and procedures designed for compliance with Cash App Investing’s regulatory obligations. However, appropriately addressing Cash App Investing’s regulatory obligations is complex and difficult, and our reputation could be damaged if we fail, or appear to fail, to appropriately address them. Failure to adhere to these policies and procedures may also result in regulatory sanctions or litigation against us. Cash App Investing also relies on various third parties to provide services, including handling and executing customer orders, and failure of these third parties to adequately perform these services may negatively impact customer experience, product performance, and our reputation and may also result in regulatory sanctions or litigation against us or Cash App Investing. In the event of any regulatory action or scrutiny, we or Cash App Investing could also be required to make changes to our business practices or compliance programs. In addition, any perceived or actual breach of compliance by Cash App Investing with respect to applicable laws, rules, and regulations could have a significant impact on our reputation, could cause us to lose existing customers, prevent us from obtaining new customers, require us to expend significant funds to remedy problems caused by breaches and to avert further breaches, and expose us to legal risk, including litigation against us, and potential liability. Cash App Investing is subject to net capital and other regulatory capital requirements; failure to comply with these rules could harm our business. Our subsidiary Cash App Investing is subject to the net capital requirements of the SEC and FINRA. These requirements typically specify the minimum level of net capital a broker-dealer must maintain and also mandate that a significant part of its assets be kept in relatively liquid form. Failure to maintain the required net capital may subject a firm to limitation of its activities, including suspension or revocation of its registration by the SEC and suspension or expulsion by FINRA, and ultimately may require its liquidation. Currently, Cash App Investing has relatively low net capital requirements, because it does not hold customer funds or securities, but instead introduces customers and directs transactions to third-party carrying broker-dealers. However, a change in the net capital rules, a change in how Cash App Investing handles or holds customer assets, or the imposition of new rules affecting the scope, coverage, calculation, or amount of net capital requirements could have adverse effects. Finally, because Cash App Investing is subject to such net capital requirements, we may be required to provide additional capital into Cash App Investing from time to time and as such, we may have liability and/or our larger business may be affected by any of these outcomes. 52 Our subsidiary Square Financial Services is a Utah state-chartered industrial loan company, which requires that we serve as a source of financial strength to it and subjects us to potential regulatory sanctions and additional risks. On March 1, 2021, Square Financial Services received its deposit insurance from the FDIC and charter approval from the Utah Department of Financial Institutions and became operational. The FDIA requires that we serve as a source of financial strength to Square Financial Services. This means that we are required by law to provide financial assistance to Square Financial Services in the event that it experiences financial distress. In this regard, the FDIC’s approval requires that Square Financial Services have initial paid-in capital of not less than approximately $56 million, and at all times meet or exceed the regulatory capital levels required for Square Financial Services to be considered “well capitalized” under the FDIC’s prompt corrective action rules. The regulatory total capital and leverage ratios of Square Financial Services may not be less than the levels provided in Square Financial Services’ business plan approved by the FDIC and in no event may Square Financial Services’ leverage ratio be less than twenty percent, as calculated in accordance with FDIC regulations. If Square Financial Services' total capital or leverage ratios fall below the levels required by the FDIC, we will need to provide sufficient capital to Square Financial Services so as to enable it to maintain its required regulatory capital ratios. If the FDIC were to increase Square Financial Services’ capital requirements, it could negatively impact our business and operations and those of Square Financial Services. The FDIC’s approval is also contingent on us maintaining a Capital and Liquidity Maintenance Agreement as well as a Parent Company Agreement. The Capital and Liquidity Maintenance Agreement requires, among other things, that we maintain a third-party line of credit for the benefit of Square Financial Services acceptable to the FDIC; purchase any loan from Square Financial Services at the greater of the cost basis or fair market value, if deemed necessary by the FDIC or Square Financial Services; and establish and maintain a reserve deposit of $50 million at an unaffiliated third-party bank that Square Financial Services could draw upon in the event that we fail to provide sufficient funds to maintain Square Financial Services’ capital ratios at the required levels. The Parent Company Agreement requires, among other things, that we consent to the FDIC’s examination of us and our subsidiaries; limit our representation on Square Financial Services’ board of directors to no more than 25 percent; submit a contingency plan to the FDIC that describes likely scenarios of significant financial or operational stress and, if we were unable to serve as a source of financial strength, options for the orderly wind down or sale of Square Financial Services. Jack Dorsey, who is considered our controlling shareholder in this context, also agreed to cause us to perform under these agreements. Should we fail to comply with these obligations, we could be subject to regulatory sanctions. In addition, any failure by Square Financial Services to comply with applicable laws, rules, and regulations could also subject us and Square Financial Services to regulatory sanctions. These sanctions could adversely impact our reputation and our business, require us to expend significant funds for remediation, and expose us to litigation and other potential liability. Square Financial Services is subject to the requirements in Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act and the Federal Reserve Board’s implementing Regulation W, which regulate loans, extensions of credit, purchases of assets, and certain other transactions between an insured depository institution (such as Square Financial Services) and its affiliates. The statute and regulation require Square Financial Services to impose certain quantitative limits, collateral requirements, and other restrictions on “covered transactions” between Square Financial Services and its affiliates and requires all transactions be on “market terms” and conditions consistent with safe and sound banking practices. Any failure by us or Square Financial Services to comply with these requirements could limit the types of products and services we may offer and may impose additional compliance costs. 53 Our intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to protect them could reduce the value of our products, services, and brand. Our trade secrets, trademarks, copyrights, patents, and other intellectual property rights are critical to our success. We rely on, and expect to continue to rely on, a combination of confidentiality, invention assignment, and license agreements with our employees, consultants, and third parties with whom we have relationships, as well as trademark, trade dress, domain name, copyright, trade secret, and patent rights, to protect our brand and other intellectual property rights. However, various events outside of our control may pose a threat to our intellectual property rights, as well as to our products and services. Effective protection of intellectual property rights is expensive and difficult to maintain, both in terms of application and maintenance costs, as well as the costs of defending and enforcing those rights. The efforts we have taken to protect our intellectual property rights may not be sufficient or effective. Our intellectual property rights may be infringed, misappropriated, or challenged, which could result in them being narrowed in scope or declared invalid or unenforceable. Similarly, our reliance on unpatented proprietary information and technology, such as trade secrets and confidential information, depends in part on agreements we have in place with employees and third parties that place restrictions on the use and disclosure of this intellectual property. These agreements may be insufficient or may be breached, or we may not enter into sufficient agreements with such individuals in the first instance, in either case potentially resulting in the unauthorized use or disclosure of our trade secrets and other intellectual property, including to our competitors, which could cause us to lose any competitive advantage resulting from this intellectual property. Individuals not subject to invention assignment agreements may make adverse ownership claims to our current and future intellectual property. There can be no assurance that our intellectual property rights will be sufficient to protect against others offering products or services that are substantially similar to ours and that compete with our business. We routinely apply for patents in the U.S. and internationally to protect innovative ideas in our technology, but we may not always be successful in obtaining patent grants from these applications. We also pursue registration of copyrights, trademarks, and domain names in the United States and in certain jurisdictions outside of the United States, but doing so may not always be successful or cost-effective. In general, we may be unable or, in some instances, choose not to obtain legal protection for our intellectual property, and our existing and future intellectual property rights may not provide us with competitive advantages or distinguish our products and services from those of our competitors. The laws of some foreign countries do not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States, and effective intellectual property protection and mechanisms may not be available in those jurisdictions. We may need to expend additional resources to defend our intellectual property in these countries, and the inability to do so could impair our business or adversely affect our international expansion. Our intellectual property rights may be contested, circumvented, or found unenforceable or invalid, and we may not be able to prevent third parties from infringing, diluting, or otherwise violating them. In some cases, our commitments to transparency regarding the circumstances in which we will enforce our intellectual property rights may limit our ability to pursue certain claims or deter misuse of our intellectual property. Additionally, our intellectual property rights and other confidential business information are subject to risks of compromise or unauthorized disclosure if our security measures or those of our third-party service providers are unable to prevent cyber-attacks or other security breaches or incidents. Unauthorized disclosure or use of our intellectual property rights may also occur if third parties were to breach the licensing terms under which certain of our innovations are offered broadly, including under open source licenses. Furthermore, the growing use of generative AI presents an increased risk of unintentional and/or unauthorized disclosure or use of our intellectual property rights. Significant impairments of our intellectual property rights, and limitations on our ability to assert our intellectual property rights against others, could have a material and adverse effect on our business. We regularly contribute software source code under open source and other permissive licenses and have made other technology we developed, such as AI agents, available under such licenses, and we include open source software in our products. Additionally, our AI services may be trained on data sets that may include open source software and the outputs of our AI services may be subject to open source license restrictions or obligations. As a result of our open source contributions and the use of open source software in our products, we may license or be required to license or disclose code and/or innovations that turn out to be material to our business and may also be exposed to increased litigation risk. If the protection of our proprietary rights is inadequate to prevent unauthorized use or appropriation by third parties, the value of our brands and other intangible assets may be diminished and competitors may be able to more effectively mimic our products, services, and methods of operations. Any of these events could have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 54 Assertions by third parties of infringement or other violation by us of their intellectual property rights could harm our business. Third parties have asserted, and may in the future assert, that we have infringed, misappropriated, or otherwise violated their copyrights, patents, and other intellectual property rights. Although we expend significant resources to seek to comply with the statutory, regulatory, and judicial frameworks and the terms and conditions of statutory licenses, we cannot assure you that we are not infringing or violating any third-party intellectual property rights, or that we will not do so in the future, particularly as new technologies such as generative AI impact the industries in which we operate. We also do not have control over whether standardized technologies and protocols infringe purported third-party intellectual property rights. It is difficult to predict whether assertions of third-party intellectual property rights or any infringement or misappropriation claims arising from such assertions will substantially harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. If we are forced to defend against any infringement or misappropriation claims, whether they are with or without merit, are settled out of court, or are determined in our favor, we may be required to expend significant time and financial resources on the defense of such claims. Legal and regulatory changes in this area may also present uncertainty and risk. For instance, the Unified Patent Court in the European Union creates an opportunity to efficiently resolve such claims in a specialized forum, while also introducing limited operational uncertainty as the court’s procedures and processes scale. Regardless of the forum, an adverse outcome of a dispute may require us to pay significant damages, which may be even greater if we are found to have willfully infringed upon a party’s intellectual property; cease exploiting copyrighted content that we have previously had the ability to exploit; cease using solutions that are alleged to infringe or misappropriate the intellectual property of others; expend additional development resources to redesign our solutions; enter into potentially unfavorable royalty or license agreements in order to obtain the right to use necessary technologies, content, or materials; indemnify our partners and other third parties; and/or take other actions that may have material and adverse effects on our business, operating results, and financial condition. In some instances, third-party assertions of intellectual property rights have led, and may continue to lead, to litigation. In such instances, we are accused of having, or may be found to have, infringed or violated third-party copyrights, patents, trademarks, and other intellectual property rights. If we are forced to defend against any infringement or misappropriation claims, whether they are with or without merit, are settled out of court, or are determined in our favor, we may be required to expend significant time and financial resources on the defense of such claims. If any IP litigation to which we are a party is resolved adversely, we may be subject to an unfavorable judgment that we may not choose to appeal or that may not be reversed upon appeal. We have also, from time to time, needed to obtain a license to continue existing practices as a result of changes in law or for which we are found to be in violation of a third-party’s rights. If we are required, or choose to enter into, royalty or licensing arrangements, such arrangements may not be available on reasonable terms or at all and may significantly increase our operating costs and expenses. As a result, we may also be required to develop or procure alternative non-infringing technology or discontinue use of technology, and doing so could require significant effort and expense or may not be feasible. In addition, the terms of any settlement or judgment in connection with any legal claims, lawsuits, or proceedings may require us to cease some or all of our operations or to pay substantial amounts to the other party and could materially and adversely affect our business. 55 Increased scrutiny from investors, regulators, and other stakeholders relating to sustainability issues could result in additional costs for us and may adversely impact our reputation. Investors, regulators, customers, employees and other stakeholders continue to focus on sustainability matters. Our sustainability strategy is focused on five key areas: purpose, customers, investments, operations, and corporate governance. We publicly report on certain commitments, initiatives, and goals regarding sustainability matters in our annual Impact Report, on our website, in our SEC filings, and elsewhere. For example, we are committed to building a diverse workforce that reflects our customers and the communities we serve. We also continue to maintain our commitment to be net zero carbon for operations by 2030. The implementation of our sustainability commitments, initiatives, and goals may require additional investments, and in certain cases, are reliant on third-party verification and/or performance, and we cannot guarantee that we will make progress on our commitments and initiatives or achieve our goals. If we fail, or are perceived to fail, to make such progress or achievements, or to maintain sustainability practices that meet evolving stakeholder expectations, or if we revise any of our sustainability commitments, initiatives, or goals, our reputation and our ability to attract and retain employees could be harmed, and we may be negatively perceived by investors or our customers. In addition, we could also be criticized or face claims regarding our sustainability commitments, initiatives, and goals, including with respect to the accuracy, adequacy, or completeness of related disclosures, and our reputation and business could be negatively impacted. Further, regulatory requirements with respect to carbon emissions disclosures and other aspects of sustainability may result in increased compliance requirements on our business and supply chain, and may increase our operating costs. In addition, California and a number of jurisdictions outside the United States have adopted climate and risk rules, including disclosure requirements, that apply to us and we will incur costs and expend resources to comply with such applicable rules. Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock The dual class structure of our common stock has the effect of concentrating voting control within our stockholders who held our stock prior to our initial public offering, including many of our employees and directors and their affiliates; this will limit or preclude your ability to influence corporate matters. Our Class B common stock has ten votes per share, and our Class A common stock has one vote per share. Stockholders who hold shares of Class B common stock, including certain of our executive officers, employees, and directors and their affiliates, held approximately 53% of the voting power of our combined outstanding capital stock as of December 31, 2025. Because of the ten-to-one voting ratio between our Class B and Class A common stock, the holders of our Class B common stock collectively hold more than a majority of the voting power of our outstanding common stock, and therefore such holders are able to control all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval. When the shares of our Class B common stock represent less than 5% of the combined voting power of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock, the then-outstanding shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock. Transfers by holders of Class B common stock will generally result in those shares converting to Class A common stock, subject to limited exceptions. Such conversions of Class B common stock to Class A common stock upon transfer will have the effect, over time, of increasing the relative voting power of those holders of Class B common stock who retain their shares in the long-term. If our Class B stockholders retain shares of Class B common stock constituting as little as 10% of all outstanding shares of our Class A and Class B common stock combined, they will continue to control a majority of the combined voting power of our outstanding capital stock. The market price of our Class A common stock has been and will likely continue to be volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment. The market price of our Class A common stock has been and may continue to be subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control and may not be related to our operating performance. In addition to the factors discussed in this

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
Raw materials $ 16,054 $ 16,168 Work in process 46,791 3,784 Finished goods 95,474 85,038 Total inventory, net $ 158,319 $ 104,990 Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities The following table presents the detail of accrued expenses and other current liabilities (in thousands): December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 Accrued expenses $ 669,052 $ 725,339 Customer deposits 297,432 241,884 Accounts payable 114,572 117,963 Operating lease liabilities, current 55,349 52,880 Accrued royalties 51,596 57,605 Accrued transaction losses (i) 49,250 58,580 Other 301,642 270,898 Total $ 1,538,893 $ 1,525,149 (i) The Company is exposed to potential credit losses related to transactions processed by sellers that are subsequently subject to chargebacks when the Company is unable to collect from the sellers primarily due to insolvency. Generally, the Company estimates the potential loss rates based on historical experience that is continuously adjusted for new information and incorporates, where applicable, reasonable and supportable forecasts about future expectations. 122 The following table summarizes the activities of the Company’s reserve for transaction losses (in thousands): Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 Accrued transaction losses, beginning of the period $ 58,580 $ 54,042 Provision for transaction losses 114,173 111,163 Charge-offs to accrued transaction losses ( 123,503 ) ( 106,625 ) Accrued transaction losses, end of the period $ 49,250 $ 58,580 In addition to amounts reflected in the table above, the Company recognized additional provision for transaction losses that was realized and written-off within the same period. Such losses are primarily related to Cash App transactions, such as peer-to-peer transactions and negative balances, that are uncertain in nature. The Company recorded $ 265.8 million and $ 274.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, for such losses. Losses from peer-to-peer activity are classified within sales and marketing expenses, while all other transaction losses, including negative balances, are presented within transaction, loan, and consumer receivable losses on the consolidated statements of operations. NOTE 12 - OTHER CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET COMPONENTS (NON-CURRENT) Other Non-Current Assets The following table presents the detail of other non-current assets (in thousands): December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 Investment in non-marketable equity securities (i) $ 423,198 $ 245,557 Restricted cash 73,786 69,915 Other 257,853 131,794 Total $ 754,837 $ 447,266 (i) Investment in non-marketable equity securities represents the Company's investments in equity of non-public entities. These investments are measured using the measurement alternative and are therefore carried at cost, less impairment, adjusted for observable price changes from orderly transactions for identical or similar investments of the same issuer. During the year ended December 31, 2025, one of the Company's investments closed on an additional financing round, which the Company assessed as an observable price change in an orderly transaction. The Company recorded a $ 171.6 million upward adjustment to the carrying value of this investment, resulting in a carrying value of $ 329.8 million as of December 31, 2025. Adjustments are recorded within other expense (income), net on the consolidated statements of operations. The adjustments to the carrying value of the Company's non-marketable equity securities measured using the measurement alternative were as follows (in thousands): December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 Carrying amount, beginning of period $ 245,557 $ 205,268 Net additions 6,001 4,500 Gross unrealized gains 171,640 70,702 Gross unrealized losses and impairments — ( 34,913 ) Carrying amount, end of period $ 423,198 $ 245,557 123 The following table summarizes the cumulative net unrealized upward and downward adjustments related to the Company's non-marketable equity securities measured using the measurement alternative (in thousands): December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 Upward adjustments $ 326,970 $ 155,329 Downward adjustments (including impairment) $ ( 2,061 ) $ ( 2,061 ) NOTE 13 - BITCOIN A) Company Owned Bitcoin Bitcoin investment The Company's bitcoin investment is initially recorded at cost, inclusive of transaction costs, and remeasured at fair value at the end of each reporting period. As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company held approximately 8,883 and 8,485 bitcoins for investment purposes with a cost basis of $ 292.6 million and $ 251.5 million, respectively. The following table summarizes the changes in the Company’s bitcoin investment (in thousands, except number of bitcoin): Amount of bitcoin Value Balance at December 31, 2023 8,038 $ 339,898 Additions (i) 447 31,466 Remeasurement gain — 420,918 Balance at December 31, 2024 8,485 $ 792,282 Additions (i) 398 41,133 Remeasurement loss — ( 55,900 ) Balance at December 31, 2025 8,883 $ 777,515 (i) Additions primarily represent the Company's purchases of bitcoin for investment purposes. Bitcoin for operating purposes The Company holds a small amount of bitcoin for operating purposes, at any time, to facilitate the purchases and sales of bitcoin on behalf of Cash App customers. The bitcoin for operating purposes is reflected on the consolidated balance sheets within “Other current assets”. As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company held approximately 238 and 158 bitcoins for operating purposes with a fair value of $ 20.0 million and $ 15.3 million, respectively. Given the Company holds a small amount of bitcoin for operating purposes and such bitcoin is held for only a short period, typically less than a day, any remeasurement gains or losses on the Company's bitcoin for operating purposes were immaterial. 124 B) Bitcoin Held for Other Parties The Company allows its Cash App customers to store their bitcoin in the Company’s digital wallets free of charge. The Company also holds an immaterial amount of bitcoin from select trading partners to facilitate bitcoin transactions for customers on Cash App. Other than bitcoin, the Company does not hold or store any other types of crypto-assets for customers or trading partners. The Company holds the cryptographic key information and maintains the internal recordkeeping of the bitcoin held for other parties. The Company's contractual arrangements state that its customers and trading partners retain legal ownership of the bitcoin; have the right to sell, pledge, or transfer the bitcoin; and also benefit from the rewards and bear the risks associated with the ownership, including as a result of any bitcoin price fluctuations. The customer also bears the risk of loss as a result of fraud or theft, unless the loss was caused by the Company’s gross negligence or the Company’s willful misconduct. The Company does not use any of the bitcoin custodied for customers or trading partners as collateral for any of the Company’s loans or other financing arrangements; nor does it lend or pledge bitcoin held for others to any third parties. The Company occasionally engages third-party custodians to store and safeguard bitcoin on the Company's behalf. The Company has concluded, under ASC 450-20, Loss Contingencies, that it does not have a probable loss that would require it to recognize a custodial obligation as of December 31, 2025. NOTE 14 - INDEBTEDNESS A) Notes The 2025 Convertible Notes, 2026 Convertible Notes, and 2027 Convertible Notes (collectively, the “Convertible Notes”), together with the 2026 Senior Notes, 2030 Senior Notes, 2031 Senior Notes, 2032 Senior Notes, and 2033 Senior Notes (collectively, the "Senior Notes") are collectively referred to as the “Notes". The following tables summarize the Company's Notes as of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 (in thousands): December 31, 2025 Principal Outstanding Unamortized Debt Issuance Costs Net Carrying Value 2026 Senior Notes (i) $ 1,000,000 $ ( 1,173 ) $ 998,827 2030 Senior Notes 1,200,000 ( 14,467 ) 1,185,533 2031 Senior Notes 1,000,000 ( 7,628 ) 992,372 2032 Senior Notes 2,000,000 ( 22,266 ) 1,977,734 2033 Senior Notes 1,000,000 ( 12,419 ) 987,581 2026 Convertible Notes (i) 575,000 ( 568 ) 574,432 2027 Convertible Notes 575,000 ( 2,461 ) 572,539 Total $ 7,350,000 $ ( 60,982 ) $ 7,289,018 125 December 31, 2024 Principal Outstanding Unamortized Debt Issuance Costs Net Carrying Value 2026 Senior Notes $ 1,000,000 $ ( 3,983 ) $ 996,017 2031 Senior Notes 1,000,000 ( 9,029 ) 990,971 2032 Senior Notes 2,000,000 ( 24,974 ) 1,975,026 2025 Convertible Notes (i) 1,000,000 ( 503 ) 999,497 2026 Convertible Notes 575,000 ( 2,277 ) 572,723 2027 Convertible Notes 575,000 ( 3,798 ) 571,202 Total $ 6,150,000 $ ( 44,564 ) $ 6,105,436 (i) Net carrying value disclosed as current portion of long-term debt within total current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. The Company recognized interest expense on the Notes as follows (in thousands): Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Contractual interest expense $ 241,003 $ 148,425 $ 65,566 Amortization of debt issuance costs 11,927 11,964 10,538 Total $ 252,930 $ 160,389 $ 76,104 Senior Unsecured Notes due in 2026 and 2031 On May 20, 2021, the Company issued $ 2.0 billion in aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes comprised of $ 1.0 billion in aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes due 2026 ("2026 Senior Notes") and $ 1.0 billion in aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes due 2031 ("2031 Senior Notes"). The 2026 Senior Notes mature on June 1, 2026, unless earlier redeemed or repurchased, and bear interest at a rate of 2.75 % payable semi-annually on June 1 and December 1 of each year. The 2031 Senior Notes mature on June 1, 2031, unless earlier redeemed or repurchased, and bear interest at a rate of 3.50 % payable semi-annually on June 1 and December 1 of each year. The 2026 Senior Notes and 2031 Senior Notes are subject to optional redemption provisions. At any time prior to May 1, 2026, in the case of the 2026 Senior Notes, and March 1, 2031, in the case of the 2031 Senior Notes, the Company may redeem the applicable series in whole or part at a price equal to 100 % of the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed plus an applicable premium and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to but excluding the redemption date. The applicable premium for any note is the greater of: (i) 1.0 % of the principal amount of such note, and (ii) the excess, if any, of (a) the present value at the redemption date of all scheduled payments of interest plus principal on such note (excluding accrued but unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date) computed using a discount rate equal to the Treasury Rate as of such redemption date plus 50 basis points, over (b) the principal amount of such note. At any time on or after May 1, 2026, in the case of the 2026 Senior Notes, and March 1, 2031, in the case of the 2031 Senior Notes, the Company may redeem the notes of the applicable series in whole or part at a price of 100 % of the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to but excluding the redemption date. If the Company experiences a change of control triggering event (as defined in the applicable indenture), the Company must offer to repurchase the 2026 Senior Notes or 2031 Senior Notes, as applicable, at a repurchase price equal to 101 % of the principal amount of the applicable notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the applicable repurchase date. In the event of default, the trustee or holders of at least 25 % in aggregate principal amount of the applicable series of outstanding Senior Notes under the applicable indenture may declare all of the notes of the applicable series to be due and immediately payable. If the event of default is the result of specified events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization, all of the notes of the applicable series will become due without any declaration or action by the trustee or holders. If there is a default in the payment of interest, the Company shall pay the defaulted interest plus, to the extent lawful, interest payable on the defaulted interest at the rate provided in the applicable indenture. 126 Debt issuance costs related to the 2026 Senior Notes and 2031 Senior Notes were comprised of discounts and commissions payable to the initial purchasers of $ 22.5 million and third-party offering costs of $ 5.7 million. Issuance costs are amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method at an effective interest rate of 3.06 % and 3.69 % for each of the respective terms of the 2026 Senior Notes and 2031 Senior Notes, respectively. Senior Unsecured Notes due in 2030 and 2033 On August 18, 2025, the Company issued $ 2.2 billion in aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes, comprised of $ 1.2 billion in aggregate principal amount of senior notes due 2030 ("2030 Senior Notes") and $ 1.0 billion in aggregate principal amount of senior notes due 2033 ("2033 Senior Notes"). The 2030 Senior Notes mature on August 15, 2030, unless earlier redeemed or repurchased, and bear interest at a rate of 5.625 % payable semi-annually on February 15 and August 15 of each year, commencing on February 15, 2026. The 2033 Senior Notes mature on August 15, 2033, unless earlier redeemed or repurchased, and bear interest at a rate of 6.000 % payable semi-annually on February 15 and August 15 of each year, commencing on February 15, 2026. At any time prior to August 15, 2027, in the case of the 2030 Senior Notes, and at any time prior to August 15, 2028, in the case of the 2033 Senior Notes, the Company may redeem the applicable series, in whole or part, at a price equal to 100 % of the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed plus an applicable premium and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to but excluding the redemption date. The applicable premium for the 2030 Senior Notes and the 2033 Senior Notes, respectively, is the greater of (1) 1.0 % of the principal amount of such series of notes, and (2) the excess, if any, of (a) the sum of the present values at the redemption date of (i) the applicable redemption price of such note that would apply if such note were redeemed on August 15, 2027, in the case of the 2030 Senior Notes, and August 15, 2028, in the case of the 2033 Senior Notes, plus (ii) the remaining scheduled payments of interest due on such note to, and including, August 15, 2027, in the case of the 2030 Senior Notes, and August 15, 2028, in the case of the 2033 Senior Notes, (excluding accrued but unpaid interest to the redemption date) discounted to the redemption date on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the treasury rate (as defined in the applicable indenture) plus 50 basis points, over (b) the principal amount of such note to be redeemed. On and after August 15, 2027, in the case of the 2030 Senior Notes, and August 15, 2028, in the case of the 2033 Senior Notes, the Company may redeem the notes of the applicable series at specified prices as set forth in the applicable indenture plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. If the Company experiences a change of control triggering event (as defined in the applicable indenture), the Company must offer to repurchase the 2030 Senior Notes or 2033 Senior Notes, as applicable, at a repurchase price equal to 101 % of the principal amount of the applicable notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the applicable repurchase date. The indentures governing the 2030 Senior Notes and 2033 Senior Notes each contain covenants that, among other things, restrict the ability of the Company and/or its domestic restricted subsidiaries to create certain liens and certain indebtedness, enter into sale and leaseback transactions, or to transfer all or substantially all of the Company and its subsidiaries assets to another person. These covenants are subject to a number of other limitations and exceptions, each as set forth in the applicable indenture governing the 2030 Senior Notes and 2033 Senior Notes. The indentures governing the 2030 Senior Notes and 2033 Senior Notes, as applicable, each provide for customary events of default, including, but not limited to, failure to pay principal and interest, failure to comply with covenants, agreements or conditions, and certain events of bankruptcy or insolvency involving the Company and its significant subsidiaries. In the case of an event of default arising from specified events of bankruptcy or insolvency involving the Company, all outstanding notes of the applicable series will become due and payable immediately without further action or notice. If any other event of default under the indenture governing the applicable notes occurs or is continuing, the trustee or holders of at least 25 % in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding applicable notes may declare all the applicable notes to be due and payable immediately. Aggregate debt issuance costs related to the 2030 Senior Notes and 2033 Senior Notes were comprised of commissions payable to the initial purchasers of $ 22.0 million and third-party offering costs of $ 6.3 million. Issuance costs are amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method at effective interest rates of 5.9 % and 6.2 % for the terms of the 2030 Senior Notes and 2033 Senior Notes, respectively. 127 Senior Unsecured Notes due 2032 On May 9, 2024, the Company issued $ 2.0 billion in aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes due 2032 ("2032 Senior Notes"). The 2032 Senior Notes mature on May 15, 2032, unless earlier redeemed or repurchased, and bear interest at a rate of 6.50 % payable semi-annually on May 15 and November 15 of each year, commencing on November 15, 2024. At any time prior to May 15, 2027, the Company may redeem the 2032 Senior Notes, in whole or part, at a price equal to 100 % of the principal amount of the 2032 Senior Notes to be redeemed plus an applicable premium and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to but excluding the redemption date. The applicable premium for the 2032 Senior Notes is the greater of (1) 1.0 % of the principal amount of such note, and (2) the excess, if any, of (a) the sum of the present values at the redemption date of (i) the applicable redemption price of such note that would apply if such note were redeemed on May 15, 2027 plus (ii) the remaining scheduled payments of interest due on such note to, and including, May 15, 2027 (excluding accrued but unpaid interest to the redemption date) discounted to the redemption date on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the treasury rate (as defined in the indenture governing the 2032 Senior Notes) plus 50 basis points, over (b) the principal amount of such note to be redeemed. On and after May 15, 2027, the Company may redeem the 2032 Senior Notes at specified prices as set forth in the indenture governing the 2032 Senior Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. If the Company experiences a change of control triggering event (as defined in the indenture governing the 2032 Senior Notes), the Company must offer to repurchase the 2032 Senior Notes at a repurchase price equal to 101 % of the principal amount of the applicable 2032 Senior Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the applicable repurchase date. In the event of default, the trustee or holders of at least 25 % in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 2032 Senior Notes under the indenture governing the 2032 Senior Notes may declare all of the notes of the 2032 Senior Notes to be due and immediately payable. If the event of default is the result of specified events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization, all of the 2032 Senior Notes will become due without any declaration or action by the trustee or holders. If there is a default in the payment of interest, the Company shall pay the defaulted interest plus, to the extent lawful, interest payable on the defaulted interest at the rate provided in the indenture governing the 2032 Senior Notes. The indenture governing the 2032 Senior Notes contains covenants that, among other things, restrict the ability of the Company and/or its domestic restricted subsidiaries to create certain liens and certain indebtedness, enter into sale and leaseback transactions, or to transfer all or substantially all of the Company and its subsidiaries assets to another person. These covenants are subject to a number of other limitations and exceptions set forth in the indenture governing the 2032 Senior Notes. The indenture governing the 2032 Senior Notes provides for customary events of default, including, but not limited to, failure to pay principal and interest, failure to comply with covenants, agreements or conditions, and certain events of bankruptcy or insolvency involving the Company and its significant subsidiaries. In the case of an event of default arising from specified events of bankruptcy or insolvency involving the Company, all outstanding 2032 Senior Notes will become due and payable immediately without further action or notice. If any other event of default under the indenture governing the 2032 Senior Notes occurs or is continuing, the trustee or holders of at least 25 % in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 2032 Senior Notes may declare all the 2032 Senior Notes to be due and payable immediately. Debt issuance costs related to the 2032 Senior Notes were comprised of commissions payable to the initial purchasers of $ 21.0 million and third-party offering costs of $ 5.6 million. Issuance costs are amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method at an effective interest rate of 6.7 % for the term of the 2032 Senior Notes. Convertible Notes due in 2025 On March 5, 2020, the Company issued $ 1.0 billion in aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes ("2025 Convertible Notes"). As of the maturity date on March 1, 2025, certain holders of the 2025 Convertible Notes had converted an immaterial aggregate principal amount of their 2025 Convertible Notes, which were settled through the issuance of an immaterial amount of shares of the Company's Class A common stock. The Company paid a total of $ 1.0 billion in cash to settle the remaining unconverted principal balance, and interest, as of March 1, 2025. 128 Convertible Notes due in 2026 and 2027 On November 13, 2020, the Company issued $ 1.2 billion in aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes comprised of $ 575.0 million in aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes due 2026 ("2026 Convertible Notes") and $ 575.0 million in aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes due 2027 ("2027 Convertible Notes"). The 2026 Convertible Notes mature on May 1, 2026, unless earlier converted or repurchased, and bear a zero rate of interest. The 2027 Convertible Notes mature on November 1, 2027, unless earlier converted or repurchased, and bear interest at a rate of 0.25 % payable semi-annually on May 1 and November 1 of each year. Both the 2026 Convertible Notes and 2027 Convertible Notes are convertible at an initial conversion rate of 3.3430 shares of the Company's Class A common stock per $1,000 principal amount, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately $ 299.13 per share of Class A common stock. Holders may convert their relevant series of notes at any time prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding February 1, 2026 and August 1, 2027 for the 2026 Convertible Notes and 2027 Convertible Notes, respectively, only under the following circumstances: (i) during any calendar quarter, commencing after the calendar quarter ending on March 31, 2021 (and only during such calendar quarter), if the last reported sale price of the Company’s Class A common stock for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive) during a period of 30 consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter is greater than or equal to 130 % of the conversion price on each applicable trading day; (ii) during the five business day period after any five consecutive trading day period (the "measurement period") in which the trading price (as defined in the indenture governing the 2026 Convertible Notes and 2027 Convertible Notes) per $1,000 principal amount of 2026 Convertible Notes and 2027 Convertible Notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than 98 % of the product of the last reported sale price of the Company’s Class A common stock and the conversion rate on each such trading day; (iii) if the Company calls any or all of the 2026 Convertible Notes and 2027 Convertible Notes for redemption, such relevant series of notes called for redemption may be converted at any time prior to the close of business on the scheduled trading day immediately preceding the redemption date; or (iv) upon the occurrence of specified corporate events, including certain distributions, the occurrence of a fundamental change (as defined in the indenture governing the 2026 Convertible Notes and 2027 Convertible Notes) or a transaction resulting in the Company’s Class A common stock converting into other securities or property or assets. In addition, upon occurrence of the specified corporate events prior to the maturity date, the Company would increase the conversion rate for a holder who elects to convert their relevant series of notes in connection with such an event in certain circumstances. On or after February 1, 2026 in the case of the 2026 Convertible Notes, and on or after August 1, 2027 in the case of the 2027 Convertible Notes, up until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date, a holder of the relevant series of notes may convert all or any portion of its 2026 Convertible Notes or 2027 Convertible Notes regardless of the foregoing circumstances. Upon conversion, the Company will pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash, shares of its Class A common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of its Class A common stock, at the Company’s election. On or after November 5, 2023 for the 2026 Convertible Notes, and on or after November 5, 2024 for the 2027 Convertible Notes, the Company may redeem all or a portion of each series of convertible notes for cash at its option, if the last reported sale price of the Company's Class A common stock has been at least 130 % of the conversion price for the relevant series of notes then in effect for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive) during any 30 consecutive trading day period (including the last trading day of such period) ending on, and including, the trading day immediately preceding the date on which the Company provides notice of redemption at a redemption price equal to 100 % of the principal amount of the 2026 Convertible Notes and 2027 Convertible Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. The circumstances to allow the holders to convert their 2026 Convertible Notes and 2027 Convertible Notes were not met during the year ended December 31, 2025. As of December 31, 2025, no principal had converted and the if-converted value did not exceed the outstanding principal amount of either the 2026 Convertible Notes or 2027 Convertible Notes. 129 Convertible Note Hedge and Warrant Transactions In connection with the offering of the 2027 Convertible Notes, the Company entered into convertible note hedge transactions ("2027 Convertible Note Hedges") with certain financial institution counterparties ("2027 Note Hedge Counterparties") whereby the Company has the option to purchase a total of approximately 1.9 million shares of its Class A common stock at a price of approximately $ 299.13 per share. The total cost of the 2027 convertible note hedge transactions was $ 104.3 million. In addition, the Company sold warrants ("2027 Warrants") to the 2027 Note Hedge Counterparties whereby the 2027 Note Hedge Counterparties have the option to purchase a total of 1.9 million shares of the Company’s Class A common stock at a price of approximately $ 414.18 per share for the 2027 Warrants. The Company received $ 68.0 million in cash proceeds from the sale of the 2027 Warrants. Taken together, the purchase of the 2027 Convertible Note Hedges and sale of the 2027 Warrants are intended to reduce dilution from the conversion of the 2027 Convertible Notes and/or offset any cash payments the Company is required to make in excess of the principal amount of the converted 2027 Convertible Notes, as the case may be, and to effectively increase the overall conversion price from approximately $ 299.13 per share to approximately $ 414.18 per share for the 2027 Warrants. As these instruments are considered indexed to the Company's own stock and are considered equity classified, the 2027 Convertible Note Hedges and 2027 Warrants are recorded in stockholders’ equity, are not accounted for as derivatives, and are not remeasured each reporting period. The net costs incurred in connection with the 2027 Convertible Note Hedges and 2027 warrant transactions were recorded as a reduction to additional paid-in capital on the consolidated balance sheets. In connection with the offering of the 2026 Convertible Notes, the Company entered into convertible note hedge transactions ("2026 Convertible Note Hedges") with certain financial institution counterparties ("2026 Note Hedge Counterparties") whereby the Company has the option to purchase a total of approximately 1.9 million shares of its Class A common stock at a price of approximately $ 299.13 per share. The total cost of the 2026 Convertible Note Hedges was $ 84.6 million. In addition, the Company sold warrants ("2026 Warrants") to the 2026 Note Hedge Counterparties whereby the 2026 Note Hedge Counterparties have the option to purchase a total of 1.9 million shares of the Company’s Class A common stock at a price of approximately $ 368.16 per share for the 2026 Warrants. The Company received $ 64.6 million in cash proceeds from the sale of the 2026 Warrants. Taken together, the purchase of the 2026 Convertible Note Hedges and sale of the 2026 Warrants are intended to reduce dilution from the conversion of the 2026 Convertible Notes and/or offset any cash payments the Company is required to make in excess of the principal amount of the converted 2026 Convertible Notes, as the case may be, and to effectively increase the overall conversion price from approximately $ 299.13 per share to approximately $ 368.16 per share for the 2026 Warrants. As these instruments are considered indexed to the Company's own stock and are considered equity classified, the 2026 Convertible Note Hedges and 2026 Warrants are recorded in stockholders’ equity, are not accounted for as derivatives, and are not remeasured each reporting period. The net costs incurred in connection with the 2026 Convertible Note Hedges and 2026 Warrants were recorded as a reduction to additional paid-in capital on the consolidated balance sheets. In connection with the offering of the 2025 Convertible Notes, the Company entered into convertible note hedge transactions ("2025 Convertible Note Hedges"). As of December 31, 2025, the 2025 Convertible Note Hedges were completely settled and no longer outstanding and did not result in the receipt of common stock shares. In addition, the warrants entered into in connection with the issuance of the 2025 Convertible Notes expired evenly over a 60 trading day period starting on June 2, 2025 and ending on August 26, 2025. None of the warrants were exercised over the trading day period. 130 B) Revolving Credit Facility In May 2020, the Company entered into a revolving credit agreement (as amended, the "Credit Agreement") with certain lenders, which provides for a $ 775.0 million senior unsecured revolving credit facility maturing on June 9, 2028. The Credit Agreement contains a financial covenant requiring the Company to maintain a minimum liquidity amount (consisting of the sum of Unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents plus Marketable Securities, each as defined in the Credit Agreement, plus undrawn available commitments under the Credit Agreement) of at least $ 250.0 million, tested on the last day of each fiscal quarter. The Company is obligated to pay customary fees for a credit facility of this size and type including a commitment fee of 0.10 % to 0.20 % per annum on the undrawn portion of the revolving loan commitments available under the Credit Agreement. As of December 31, 2025, no funds have been drawn and no letters of credit have been issued under the Credit Agreement. As of December 31, 2025, $ 775.0 million remained available for draw subject to compliance with our covenants. The Company incurred immaterial unused commitment fees during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023. As of December 31, 2025, the Company was in compliance with all financial covenants under the Credit Agreement. Loans under the Credit Agreement bear interest at the Company's option of (i) an annual rate based on the forward-looking term rate based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("Term SOFR") or (ii) a base rate. Loans based on Term SOFR shall bear interest at a rate equal to Term SOFR plus a margin of between 1.25 % and 1.75 %, depending on the Company's total net leverage ratio. Loans based on the base rate shall bear interest at a rate based on the highest of the prime rate, the federal funds rate plus 0.50 %, and Term SOFR with a tenor of one-month plus 1.00 %, in each case, plus a margin ranging from 0.25 % to 0.75 %, depending on the Company's total net leverage ratio. The Credit Agreement also contains customary affirmative and negative covenants typical for a financing of this type that, among other things, restricts the Company and certain of its subsidiaries’ ability to incur additional indebtedness, create liens, merge or consolidate or make certain dispositions, pay dividends and make distributions, enter into restrictive agreements, enter into agreements with affiliates, and make certain investments and acquisitions. On January 14, 2026, the Company amended and restated its Credit Agreement (the "Restated Credit Agreement") to, among other things, increase the size of the unsecured revolving loan facility to $ 900 million. The Restated Credit Agreement extends the maturity date to January 14, 2031, provided that if on the date that is 91 days prior to the maturity date of any of the Company's existing convertible notes or senior notes, the aggregate amount of liquidity (as defined in the Restated Credit Agreement) would be less than $ 250 million after giving pro forma effect to the repayment of such existing convertible notes or such senior notes at maturity, then the maturity date of the revolving loan facility shall be modified to be such date. The Restated Credit Agreement replaces the financial covenant with a maximum total net leverage ratio covenant, determined as set forth in the Restated Credit Agreement, to be tested on the last day of each fiscal quarter. The Restated Credit Agreement also contains customary affirmative and negative covenants typical for a facility of this type that, among other things, restrict the Company's domestic restricted subsidiaries from incurring debt for borrowed money, the Company and its domestic restricted subsidiaries from granting liens to secure debt for borrowed money and entering into sale and leaseback transactions, and the Company from making certain investments and certain restricted payments. C) Square Financial Services Lines of Credit The Company also has uncommitted and unsecured lines of credit with certain third-party banks for short-term liquidity needs, subject to availability of funds, through Square Financial Services. There were no outstanding balances as of December 31, 2025 and 2024. 131 D) Warehouse Funding Facilities The Company has financing arrangements with financial institutions in Australia, New Zealand, the United States, and the United Kingdom (collectively, the “Warehouse Facilities”) in connection with certain of its BNPL products. The Warehouse Facilities have been arranged utilizing wholly-owned and consolidated entities (collectively, the Warehouse Special Purpose Entities ("Warehouse SPEs")) formed for the sole purpose of financing the origination of consumer receivables to partly fund certain BNPL products. Borrowings under the Warehouse Facilities are secured against the respective consumer receivables. While the Warehouse SPEs are included in our consolidated financial statements, they are separate legal entities that maintain legal ownership of the receivables they hold. The assets of the Warehouse SPEs are not available to satisfy our claims or those of our creditors. These Warehouse Facilities have maturity dates through September 2028. As of December 31, 2025, the aggregate amount of the Warehouse Facilities, using the respective exchange rates at perio d-end , was $ 1.7 billion on a revolving basis, of which $ 1.4 billion was drawn and $ 323.9 million remained available . All Warehouse Facilities contain portfolio parameters based on performance of the underlying consumer receivables, which each respective region has satisfied as of December 31, 2025. None of the Warehouse Facilities contain corporate financial covenants. All Warehouse Facilities are on a variable rate basis which aligns closely to the weighted-average life of the consumer receivables they finance. Borrowings under these facilities bear interest at (i) a base rate aligned to either the local risk free rate, such as Term SOFR and the Sterling Overnight Index Average or similar, and (ii) a margin which is set for the term of the availability period. The interest expense incurred on the Company's Warehouse Facilities is included within general and administrative as part of the Company's operating expenses. Interest expense on the Company's Warehouse Facilities was $ 49.4 million, $ 72.0 million, and $ 65.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. In addition, each Warehouse Facility requires payment of immaterial commitment fees. The table below summarizes the future scheduled principal payments of amounts drawn on the Company's Warehouse Facilities (in thousands): December 31, 2025 2026 (i) $ 466,942 2027 597,941 2028 300,000 Total $ 1,364,883 (i) Future scheduled principal payments in 2026 are disclosed as warehouse funding facilities, current, within total current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. NOTE 15 - INCOME TAXES The domestic and foreign components of income (loss) before income taxes were as follows (in thousands): Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Domestic $ 1,509,181 $ 1,332,836 $ ( 30,304 ) Foreign 180,730 24,318 1,161 Income (loss) before income taxes $ 1,689,911 $ 1,357,154 $ ( 29,143 ) 132 The components of the provision for income taxes were as follows (in thousands): Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Current: Federal $ ( 26,436 ) $ 46,390 $ 12,003 State 24,468 38,489 14,351 Foreign 52,631 71,590 51,506 Total current provision for income taxes 50,663 156,469 77,860 Deferred: Federal 339,239 ( 1,481,491 ) ( 58,532 ) State 49,517 ( 189,913 ) ( 25,072 ) Foreign ( 53,718 ) 5,592 ( 2,275 ) Total deferred tax provision for (benefit from) income taxes 335,038 ( 1,665,812 ) ( 85,879 ) Total provision for (benefit from) income taxes $ 385,701 $ ( 1,509,343 ) $ ( 8,019 ) The effective income tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2025 differs from the statutory federal income tax rate as follows (in thousands, except percentages): Year Ended December 31, 2025 Tax at federal statutory rate $ 357,813 21.2 % State and local taxes, net of federal benefit (i) 72,230 4.3 Foreign tax effects Ireland Change in valuation allowance ( 55,904 ) ( 3.3 ) Other 4,958 0.3 Other foreign jurisdictions 27,402 1.6 Effect of cross border tax laws Subpart F inclusion 21,872 1.3 Other 3,819 0.2 Tax credits Research and development credits ( 55,885 ) ( 3.3 ) Changes in valuation allowance ( 2,160 ) ( 0.1 ) Non-taxable or non-deductible items Share-based compensation 13,371 0.8 Other 18,975 1.1 Changes in unrecognized tax benefits ( 13,605 ) ( 0.8 ) Other ( 7,185 ) ( 0.5 ) Total $ 385,701 22.8 % (i) A multitude of states contribute to the majority (greater than 50%) of the tax effect in this category, however there is no single jurisdiction that is individually material to the state tax expense. 133 As previously disclosed for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, prior to the adoption of ASU 2023-09, the effective income tax rate differs from the statutory federal income tax rate as follows: December 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 Tax at federal statutory rate 21.0 % 21.0 % State taxes, net of federal benefit 3.9 45.9 Foreign rate differential 1.4 ( 175.6 ) Other non-deductible expenses 2.7 ( 21.7 ) Credits ( 4.8 ) 292.9 Other items 0.1 ( 2.2 ) Change in valuation allowance 0.4 11.2 Share-based compensation ( 2.7 ) ( 16.1 ) Change in uncertain tax positions 1.3 ( 27.4 ) Income (loss) inclusions of U.S. foreign subsidiaries 0.9 ( 216.5 ) Non-deductible executive compensation 0.2 ( 9.2 ) Non-deductible acquisition-related costs — ( 15.0 ) Foreign exchange gain 0.1 174.1 Impairment loss 2.1 ( 60.8 ) Return to provision adjustments 0.3 26.9 U.S. valuation allowance release ( 96.3 ) — Internal restructuring ( 44.4 ) — Non-deductible penalties 2.6 — Total ( 111.2 ) % 27.5 % The following is a summary of income taxes paid for the year ended December 31, 2025 (in thousands): Year Ended December 31, 2025 Federal $ 35,000 State and local California 19,465 Other state and local 31,869 Foreign United Kingdom 33,665 Other foreign 9,391 Total income taxes, net of amounts refunded $ 129,390 134 The tax effects of temporary differences and related deferred tax assets and liabilities were as follows (in thousands): December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 Deferred tax assets: Capitalized costs & research and development capitalization $ 300,263 $ 886,474 Accrued expenses 229,327 122,470 Net operating loss carryforwards 548,336 388,199 Tax credit carryforwards 530,468 485,266 Intangible and other assets 291,363 375,316 Other 213,070 250,371 Total deferred tax assets 2,112,827 2,508,096 Valuation allowance ( 557,063 ) ( 646,223 ) Total deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance 1,555,764 1,861,873 Deferred tax liabilities: Unrealized gain on investments ( 80,433 ) ( 36,582 ) Operating lease right-of-use asset ( 52,419 ) ( 52,849 ) Cryptocurrency investment ( 121,309 ) ( 133,883 ) Total deferred tax liabilities ( 254,161 ) ( 223,314 ) Net deferred tax assets $ 1,301,603 $ 1,638,559 Reported on the consolidated balance sheets as (after valuation allowance and jurisdictional netting): Deferred tax assets $ 1,302,776 $ 1,800,994 Deferred tax liabilities ( 1,173 ) ( 162,435 ) Net deferred tax assets $ 1,301,603 $ 1,638,559 Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income, the timing and amount of which are uncertain. The Company's deferred tax assets and liabilities are primarily related to U.S. operations. In 2025, the Company's U.S. consolidated group generated a current tax benefit resulting from, among other factors, the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (H.R. 1), which no longer requires the capitalization of certain research and development expenses under Internal Revenue Code ("IRC") Section 174. The Company's U.S. consolidated group has significant deferred tax assets in the form of net operating loss carryovers, tax credit carryovers, capitalized costs resulting from the IRC Section 174 capitalization requirement, and other tax deductible temporary differences. The Company has maintained a valuation allowance on certain federal deferred tax assets in the form of loss carryovers that have federal limits or restrictions on utilization, foreign tax credit carryovers, and capital losses which do not have sufficient evidence of future income of the appropriate character to recognize. Further, the Company has maintained a full valuation allowance against its California deferred tax assets, which consist primarily of tax loss carryovers and tax credit carryovers. The Company does not have sufficient evidence of future income to realize the California deferred tax assets on a more likely than not basis. The Company also has a history of tax losses in certain foreign jurisdictions, which it believes are not more likely than not to be realized as of December 31, 2025. Accordingly, the Company retained a full valuation allowance on its deferred tax assets in these jurisdictions. The amount of deferred tax assets considered realizable in future periods may change as management continues to reassess the underlying factors it uses in estimating future taxable income. The valuation allowance decreased by approximately $ 89.2 million and $ 1.4 billion during the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. The year ended December 31, 2024 included one-time benefits from income taxes of $ 1.9 billion related to both the release of the Company's valuation allowance associated with certain federal and state deferred tax assets as well as the recognition of deferred tax assets as part of internal legal entity restructuring efforts. 135 As of December 31, 2025, the Company had $ 1.4 billion of federal, $ 3.9 billion of state, and $ 755.7 million of foreign net operating loss carryforwards. Th e remaining federal net operating loss carryforwards have no expiration date. The state operating losses will begin to expire in 2030 and the foreign net operating loss carryforwards will begin to expire in 2026. As of December 31, 2025, the Company had $ 478.4 million of federal, $ 300.5 million of state, and $ 33.4 million of foreign research credit carryforwards. The remaining federal research credit carryforwards will begin to expire in 2038. The state and foreign credit carryforwards have no expiration date. Utilization of the net operating loss carryforwards and credits may be subject to annual limitations due to the ownership change limitations provided by the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and similar state provisions. The annual limitations may result in the expiration of net operating losses and credits before they are able to be utilized. The Company does not expect any previous ownership changes, as defined under Section 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code, to result in an ultimate limitation that will materially reduce the total amount of net operating loss carryforwards and credits that can be utilized. As of December 31, 2025, the Company had unrecognized tax benefits of $ 626.8 million, of which $ 69.1 million would impact the annual effective tax rate if recognized and the remainder of which would result in a corresponding adjustment to the valuation allowance. The change in the balance of unrecognized tax benefit was as follows (in thousands): Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Unrecognized tax benefit, beginning of the period $ 633,589 $ 465,103 $ 506,512 Gross increases (decreases) related to prior period tax positions ( 24,004 ) 34,050 ( 7,348 ) Gross increases (decreases) related to current period tax positions 27,221 139,217 ( 30,063 ) Reductions related to lapse of statute of limitations ( 10,051 ) ( 4,781 ) ( 3,998 ) Unrecognized tax benefit, end of the period $ 626,755 $ 633,589 $ 465,103 The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to income tax matters as a component of income tax expense. The Company had total accrued interest and penalties of $ 22.0 million, $ 23.8 million, and $ 22.1 million related to uncertain tax positions for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. The Company is subject to taxation in the United States and various state and foreign jurisdictions. The Company is currently under examination in California for tax years 2013, 2014, and 2016 and in Texas for tax years 2015 to 2019 and Illinois for tax years 2022 and 2023. The Company’s various tax years starting with 2009 to 2024 remain open in various taxing jurisdictions. NOTE 16 - STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Common Stock The Company has two classes of authorized common stock outstanding: Class A common stock and Class B common stock. Class A common stock and Class B common stock are referred to as "common stock" throughout these Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, unless otherwise noted. Holders of the Company's Class A common stock and Class B common stock are entitled to dividends when, as and if, declared by the Company's board of directors, subject to the rights of the holders of all classes of stock outstanding having priority rights to dividends. As of December 31, 2025, the Company did not declare any dividends. Holders of shares of Class A common stock are entitled to one vote per share, while holders of shares of Class B common stock are entitled to ten votes per share. Shares of the Company's Class B common stock are convertible into an equivalent number of shares of its Class A common stock and generally convert into shares of its Class A common stock upon transfer. The holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock have no preemptive or other subscription rights and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions with respect to such shares. 136 Conversion of Convertible Notes and Exercise of Convertible Note Hedges As of the maturity date on March 1, 2025, certain holders of the 2025 Convertible Notes had converted an immaterial aggregate principal amount of their 2025 Convertible Notes. The Company settled the conversions through the issuance of an immaterial amount of shares of the Company's Class A common stock and paid a total of $ 1.0 billion in cash to settle the remaining unconverted principal balance, and interest, as of March 1, 2025. Additionally, there were no convertible note hedges exercised, and no shares were received as of December 31, 2025. Warrants In conjunction with the 2025 Convertible Notes offering, the Company sold the 2025 Warrants whereby the counterparties had the option to purchase a total of approximately 8.3 million shares of the Company’s Class A common stock at a price of $ 161.34 per share. The 2025 Warrants expired evenly over a 60 trading day period starting on June 1, 2025 and ending on August 26, 2025. None of the warrants were exercised. In conjunction with the 2026 Convertible Notes offering, the Company sold the 2026 Warrants whereby the counterparties have the option to purchase a total of approximately 1.9 million shares of the Company’s Class A common stock at a price of $ 368.16 per share. The 2026 Warrants expire evenly over a 60 trading day period starting on August 1, 2026. None of the warrants were exercised as of December 31, 2025. In conjunction with the 2027 Convertible Notes offering, the Company sold the 2027 Warrants whereby the counterparties have the option to purchase a total of approximately 1.9 million shares of the Company’s Class A common stock at a price of $ 414.18 per share. The 2027 Warrants expire evenly over a 60 trading day period starting on February 1, 2028. None of the warrants were exercised as of December 31, 2025. Share Repurchase Program In November 2025, the board of directors of the Company authorized an increase to the Company's share repurchase program to repurchase up to an additional $ 5 billion of the Company's Class A common stock, for a total authorization of $ 9 billion. During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company repurchased 36.5 million shares of its Class A common stock for an aggregate amount of $ 2.3 billion, excluding excise tax, which were immaterial. As of December 31, 2025, $ 5.3 billion remained available and authorized for repurchases under this share repurchase program. Repurchases may be made from time to time through open market purchases or through privately negotiated transactions subject to market conditions, applicable legal requirements and other relevant factors. The repurchase program does not obligate the Company to acquire any particular amount of its Class A common stock and may be suspended at any time at the Company’s discretion. The timing and number of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including the stock price, business and market conditions, corporate and regulatory requirements, alternative investment opportunities, acquisition opportunities, and other factors. Stock Plans The Company maintains two share-based employee compensation plans: the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan ("2015 Plan") and the 2025 Equity Incentive Plan ("2025 Plan"). The 2025 Plan became effective as of June 17, 2025 and replaced the 2015 Plan as of such date, such that no further awards will be granted under the 2015 Plan. Any awards outstanding under the 2015 Plan as of the date the 2025 Plan became effective will remain outstanding under the 2015 Plan in accordance with their existing terms. Under the 2025 Plan, shares of the Company's Class A common stock are reserved for the issuance of incentive and nonstatutory stock options (ISOs and NSOs, respectively), stock appreciation rights ("SARs"), restricted stock awards, restricted stock units ("RSUs"), performance awards, and other stock and cash-based awards to eligible employees, directors, and consultants. The awards must be granted at a price per share not less than the fair market value at the date of grant. A maximum aggregate of 80,000,000 shares were reserved for issuance pursuant to awards under the 2025 Plan. As of December 31, 2025, there were 31.7 million shares outstanding under the 2015 Plan and 76.2 million shares available for future issuance under our 2025 Plan. 137 A summary of stock option activity for the year ended December 31, 2025 is as follows (in thousands, except share and per share data): Number of Stock Options Outstanding Weighted Average Exercise Price Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term (in years) Aggregate Intrinsic Value Outstanding, beginning of the period 2,578 $ 72.17 5.11 $ 67,966 Granted 1,769 55.66 Exercised ( 514 ) 25.83 Forfeited — — Expired ( 76 ) 143.45 Outstanding, end of the period 3,757 $ 69.29 6.95 $ 29,151 Exercisable, end of the period 1,947 $ 78.37 5.27 $ 15,377 Aggregate intrinsic value represents the difference between the Company’s estimated fair value of its common stock and the exercise price of outstanding, in-the-money options. Aggregate intrinsic value for stock options exercised for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 was $ 20.2 million, $ 145.1 million, and $ 96.1 million, respectively. The total weighted-average grant-date fair value of options granted was $ 28.62 , $ 45.81 , and $ 39.13 per share for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. Restricted Stock Activity Activity related to RSUs during the year ended December 31, 2025 is set forth below: Number of Shares Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value Unvested, beginning of the period 37,079 $ 70.51 Granted 19,273 64.19 Vested ( 16,829 ) 72.60 Forfeited ( 8,236 ) 67.42 Unvested, end of the period 31,287 $ 66.31 The total fair value of shares vested was $ 1.2 billion, $ 1.2 billion, and $ 873.0 million in the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. Employee Stock Purchase Plan The Block, Inc. Amended and Restated 2015 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ("ESPP") was approved by stockholders on June 17, 2025. The ESPP allows eligible employees to purchase shares of the Company’s Class A common stock at a discount through payroll deductions of up to 25 % of eligible compensation, subject to any plan limitations. The ESPP provides for 12 -month offering periods that commence on the first trading day on or after May 15 and November 15 of each year. Each offering period includes two purchase periods, which commence on the first trading day on or after November 15 and May 15, and terminate on the last trading day on or before May 15 and November 15, respectively. Employees are able to purchase shares at 85 % of the lower of the fair market value of the Company’s common stock on the first trading day of the offering period or the last trading day of the applicable purchase period. A maximum aggregate of 34,000,000 shares of the Company's Class A common stock are available for purchase under the ESPP. As of December 31, 2025, 12.5 million shares had been purchased under the ESPP and 21.5 million shares remained available for future purchase under the ESPP. 138 Share-Based Compensation The fair values of stock options granted were estimated using the following weighted-average assumptions: Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Dividend yield — % — % — % Risk-free interest rate 3.98 % 4.65 % 3.48 % Expected volatility 57.91 % 62.92 % 62.32 % Expected term (years) 4.62 6.02 6.02 The following table summarizes the effects of share-based compensation on the consolidated statements of operations (in thousands): Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Cost of revenue $ 545 $ 707 $ 601 Product development 874,680 903,262 902,130 Sales and marketing 114,390 131,233 130,665 General and administrative 225,865 237,355 242,701 Total $ 1,215,480 $ 1,272,557 $ 1,276,097 The Company recorded a tax expense related to stock-based compensation of $ 26.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2025 and a tax benefit related to stock-based compensation of $ 322.0 million and $ 228.2 million during the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company recorded $ 38.3 million, $ 25.0 million, and $ 63.3 million of share-based compensation expense related to the Company's Amended and Restated 2015 Employee Stock Purchase Plan during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company capitalized $ 31.8 million, $ 41.2 million, and $ 30.9 million of share-based compensation expense related to capitalized software during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. As of December 31, 2025, there was $ 2.1 billion of total unrecognized compensation cost related to outstanding stock options and restricted stock awards that are expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2 years. NOTE 17 - NET INCOME (LOSS) PER SHARE The Company computes net income (loss) per share attributable to our common stockholders using the two-class method required for multiple classes of common stock and participating securities. The holders of our Class A and Class B common stock (together, "common stock") have identical liquidation and dividend rights but different voting rights. Accordingly, we present net income (loss) per share for Class A and Class B common stock together. Basic net income (loss) per share is computed by dividing the net income (loss) by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted net income (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding adjusted for the dilutive effect of all potential shares of common stock. In periods when the Company reported a net loss, diluted net loss per share is the same as basic net loss per share because the effects of potentially dilutive items were anti-dilutive. 139 The following table presents the calculation of basic and diluted net income (loss) per share (in thousands, except per share data): Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Basic net income per share: Numerator Net income attributable to common stockholders $ 1,305,636 $ 2,897,047 $ 9,772 Denominator Shares used to compute basic net income per share 612,243 616,993 608,856 Basic net income per share $ 2.13 $ 4.70 $ 0.02 Diluted net income per share: Numerator Net income attributable to common stockholders $ 1,305,636 $ 2,897,047 $ 9,772 Interest expense on convertible notes 4,016 6,216 — Net income used to compute diluted net income (loss) per share $ 1,309,652 $ 2,903,263 $ 9,772 Denominator Shares used to compute basic net income per share 612,243 616,993 608,856 Stock options, restricted stock, and employee stock purchase plan 5,392 7,289 5,168 Convertible notes 5,203 12,108 — Shares used to compute diluted net income per share 622,838 636,390 614,024 Diluted net income per share $ 2.10 $ 4.56 $ 0.02 The following potential common shares were excluded from the calculation of diluted net income per share because their effect would have been anti-dilutive for the periods presented (in thousands): Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Stock options, restricted stock, and employee stock purchase plan 36,268 37,687 40,431 Convertible notes — — 14,297 Common stock warrants 8,248 12,108 20,243 Total anti-dilutive securities 44,516 49,795 74,971 NOTE 18 - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS In July 2019, the Company entered into a lease agreement for office space in St. Louis, Missouri, from an affiliate of one of the Company’s co-founders and current member of its board of directors, Mr. Jim McKelvey, for a term of 15.5 years with options to extend the lease term for two five-year terms. The lease possession date varied by floor, beginning in May 2020. As of December 31, 2025, the Company had recorded right-of-use assets of $ 9.7 million and associated lease liabilities of $ 14.7 million related to this lease arrangement. Under the lease agreement, the Company has an option to terminate the lease for the entire property on January 1, 2034. Termination penalties specified in the lease agreement will apply if the Company exercises the option to terminate the lease. 140 NOTE 19 - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES Operating and Finance Leases The Company’s operating leases are primarily comprised of office facilities. The Company's leases have remaining lease terms of one year to eleven years , some of which include options to extend up to five year terms, or include options to terminate the leases with advanced notice. None of the options to extend the leases have been included in the measurement of the right-of-use asset or the associated lease liability. There were no finance lease obligations as of December 31, 2025. The components of lease costs for the year ended December 31, 2025 were as follows (in thousands): Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 Fixed operating lease costs $ 56,379 $ 57,232 Variable operating lease costs 22,722 22,344 Short-term lease costs 1,504 1,939 Sublease income ( 394 ) ( 1,119 ) Total lease costs $ 80,211 $ 80,396 Other information related to operating leases was as follows: Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 Weighted-average remaining lease term 5.4 years 6.2 years Weighted-average discount rate 3.83 % 3.75 % Cash flows related to leases were as follows (in thousands): Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 Cash flows from operating activities: Payments for operating lease liabilities $ ( 71,849 ) $ ( 74,129 ) Supplemental cash flow data: Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease obligations $ 38,919 $ 36,976 Future minimum lease payments under non-cancelable operating leases (with initial lease terms in excess of one year) as of December 31, 2025 are as follows (in thousands): 2026 $ 66,746 2027 67,850 2028 61,793 2029 55,819 2030 51,204 Thereafter 44,333 Total $ 347,745 Less: Amount representing interest 34,822 Less: Lease incentives 738 Total $ 312,185 The Company recognized total rental expenses for operating leases of $ 58.2 million, $ 52.1 million, and $ 75.8 million during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. 141 Purchase Commitments From time to time, we may enter into non-cancelable purchase obligations related to cloud computing infrastructure. The commitment amounts in the table below are associated with contracts that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms, including fixed or minimum services to be used, and the approximate timing of the actions under the contracts. As of December 31, 2025, the future minimum payments under the purchase commitments were as follows (in thousands): Payments Due By Period 2026 $ 419,504 2027 404,504 2028 355,000 2029 370,000 2030 410,000 Thereafter 392,000 Total $ 2,351,008 Litigation and Regulatory Matters The Company is currently subject to, and may in the future be involved in, various litigation matters, legal claims, investigations, and regulatory proceedings. Regulatory and Governmental Matters The Company received subpoenas from Attorneys General from multiple states, seeking the production of information related to, among other things, Cash App’s handling of customer complaints and disputes. In June 2024, the state Attorneys General presented the Company with the results of their investigations. In December 2024, the state Attorneys General presented the Company with potential terms for resolving this matter and the Company is engaging in conversations with the state Attorneys General to resolve this matter on acceptable terms. The Company is unable to predict the likely outcome of this matter, which may include one or more public orders, and cannot provide any assurance that the state Attorneys General will not ultimately take legal action against the Company or that the outcome of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on the Company. It is probable that the Company will incur a loss in connection with this matter, and the loss could be material; however, the Company cannot estimate the amount of possible loss or range of loss at this time. The Company also received inquiries from the SEC and Department of Justice (“DOJ”) shortly after the publication of a short seller report in March 2023. In July 2024, the Company received a follow-on inquiry from the SEC. The Company believes these inquiries primarily relate to the allegations raised in the short seller report, the Company’s compliance and risk practices, and related disclosures. The Company continues to cooperate with both agencies. The Company is unable to predict the likely outcome of these matters and cannot provide any assurance that the SEC or DOJ will not ultimately take legal action against the Company or that the outcome of any such action, if brought, will not have a material adverse effect on the Company. Litigation Matters On January 17, 2025, a putative federal securities class action was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California against the Company and certain of its officers alleging violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act on behalf of a putative class of persons who purchased or otherwise acquired the Company’s Class A common stock between February 26, 2020 and August 1, 2024. The plaintiff alleges, among other things, that the Company made materially false or misleading statements regarding its anti-money laundering (“AML”) and compliance programs and seeks unspecified damages, attorneys’ fees and other costs. On June 18, 2025, plaintiffs filed an amended consolidated complaint. On January 6, 2026, the court denied the Company’s motion to dismiss. 142 In addition, between February 5, 2025 and April 24, 2025, multiple shareholder derivative actions were filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California against certain of the Company’s current and former directors and officers based on allegations substantially similar to the securities class action. The plaintiffs seek unspecified damages, attorneys' fees and other costs. On May 7, 2025, the Court ordered that the actions were related and renamed the related cases as “In re Block, Inc. Shareholder Derivative Litigation.” On January 6, 2026, the court denied the Company’s motions to dismiss in the derivative actions. A separate derivative action making similar claims and requesting similar damages was filed on October 9, 2025 in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California that has not been consolidated. It is reasonably possible that the Company will incur a loss in connection with these federal securities and derivative matters, and the loss could be material; however, the Company cannot estimate the amount of loss or range of loss at this time. Tax Matters In June 2024, the Office of the Treasurer and Tax Collector of the City and County of San Francisco (the "Tax Collector") issued an assessment of San Francisco gross receipts tax, including interest and penalties, for fiscal years 2020 through 2022, asserting the Company owes incremental taxes on a portion of the receipts generated by the Company related to sales of bitcoin. The Company paid the assessed amount of $ 71.4 million in January 2025. In September 2025, the Tax Collector issued an assessment of gross receipt tax, including tax, interest, and penalties, of $ 42.7 million for fiscal years 2023 and 2024, which the Company paid in October 2025. In both cases, the Company paid the assessment in order to preserve its rights to dispute the assessments and initiate the dispute process. The Company strongly disagrees with the Tax Collector’s assessments and plans to vigorously pursue all available remedies. Given the assessed amounts must be paid to initiate the dispute process and will be returned in full or used to settle any final amount due to the Tax Collector, the Company views the amounts as deposit assets. The Company estimates its aggregate exposure for fiscal years 2020 through 2024 could be up to $ 114 million, which is the full amount of the assessments already paid. The Tax Collector may continue to challenge the Company's gross receipts tax positions. The Company has currently concluded that a loss for this matter is not probable. The Company regularly assesses the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from litigation and regulatory proceedings and adjusts the financial statements based on such assessments. The eventual outcome of these matters may differ materially from the estimates the Company has currently accrued in the financial statements. In addition, the Company is subject to various legal matters, investigations, subpoenas, inquiries, audits, claims, lawsuits, arbitrations, and disputes, including with regulatory bodies and governmental agencies. The Company cannot at this time fairly estimate a reasonable range of exposure, if any, of the potential liability, if any, with respect to any of these other matters. Although the Company may be subject to an adverse decision or settlement, it does not believe that the final disposition of any of these other matters will have a material adverse effect on its results of operations, financial position, or liquidity. However, the Company cannot give any assurance regarding the ultimate outcome of any of these matters, and their resolution could be material to the Company's operating results. 143 NOTE 20 - SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION The Company reports its segments to reflect the manner in which the Company's chief operating decision maker ("CODM") reviews and assesses performance. The Company's CODM is the Block Head and Chairperson. The Company has two reportable segments, Square and Cash App. Products and services that are not assigned to a specific reportable segment, including but not limited to TIDAL and other emerging ecosystems, are aggregated and presented within a general corporate and other category. Square and Cash App are defined as follows: • Cash App includes the financial tools available to individuals within the mobile Cash App, including peer-to-peer payments, bitcoin and stock investments. Cash App also includes Cash App Card, which is linked to customer stored balances that customers can use to pay for purchases or withdraw funds from an ATM, as well as Cash App Borrow, which is a credit product that allows eligible customers to access short-term loans for a fee. Cash App also includes all BNPL products. • Square includes managed payment services, software solutions, hardware, and financial services offered to sellers, excluding those that involve Cash App. The primary financial measures used by the CODM to evaluate performance and allocate resources are revenue and gross profit. The CODM uses segment gross profit for each segment during the annual budgeting and forecasting process. Further, the CODM uses gross profit as the metric to guide the business trajectory and to consider the overall gross profit growth by segment on a quarterly basis, when making decisions about the allocation of operating and capital resources to each segment. The CODM does not evaluate performance or allocate resources based on segment asset data, and therefore such information is not included. The following tables present information on the reportable segments revenue and segment gross profit, as well as amounts for the "Corporate and Other" category, which includes products and services not assigned to reportable segments and intersegment eliminations (in thousands): Year Ended December 31, 2025 Cash App Square Corporate and Other Total Revenue: Commerce enablement revenue $ 3,912,171 $ 7,425,962 $ 176,029 $ 11,514,162 Financial solutions revenue 3,165,594 1,011,140 — 4,176,734 Bitcoin ecosystem revenue 8,347,278 14,809 140,700 8,502,787 Segment revenue $ 15,425,043 $ 8,451,911 $ 316,729 $ 24,193,683 Less: Cost of revenue 9,089,500 4,516,870 227,384 13,833,754 Segment gross profit $ 6,335,543 $ 3,935,041 $ 89,345 $ 10,359,929 Interest revenue $ 192,054 $ 38,553 $ — $ 230,607 Amortization of acquired technology assets $ 51,553 $ 5,297 $ — $ 56,850 144 Year Ended December 31, 2024 Cash App Square Corporate and Other Total Revenue: Commerce enablement revenue $ 3,482,648 $ 6,840,133 $ 189,672 $ 10,512,453 Financial solutions revenue 2,409,294 841,523 — 3,250,817 Bitcoin ecosystem revenue 10,355,938 — 1,845 10,357,783 Segment revenue $ 16,247,880 $ 7,681,656 $ 191,517 $ 24,121,053 Less: Cost of revenue 11,008,869 4,082,744 140,404 15,232,017 Segment gross profit $ 5,239,011 $ 3,598,912 $ 51,113 $ 8,889,036 Interest revenue $ 185,185 $ 36,837 $ — $ 222,022 Amortization of acquired technology assets $ 55,343 $ 7,726 $ 5,295 $ 68,364 Year Ended December 31, 2023 Cash App Square Corporate and Other Total Revenue: Commerce enablement revenue $ 2,986,409 $ 6,343,078 $ 200,553 $ 9,530,040 Financial solutions revenue 2,026,955 690,306 — 2,717,261 Bitcoin ecosystem revenue 9,668,322 — — 9,668,322 Segment revenue $ 14,681,686 $ 7,033,384 $ 200,553 $ 21,915,623 Less: Cost of revenue 10,358,223 3,904,730 147,784 14,410,737 Segment gross profit $ 4,323,463 $ 3,128,654 $ 52,769 $ 7,504,886 Interest revenue $ 142,222 $ 28,011 $ — $ 170,233 Amortization of acquired technology assets $ 56,135 $ 10,632 $ 6,062 $ 72,829 The following table provides a reconciliation of total segment gross profit to the Company’s income (loss) before applicable income taxes (in thousands): Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Total segment gross profit $ 10,270,584 $ 8,837,923 $ 7,452,117 Add: Corporate and other gross profit 89,345 51,113 52,769 Less: Product development 2,907,889 2,914,415 2,720,819 Less: Sales and marketing 2,273,072 1,984,265 2,019,009 Less: General and administrative 1,997,587 2,149,099 2,209,190 Less: Transaction, loan, and consumer receivable losses 1,337,246 794,221 660,663 Less: Amortization of customer and other intangible assets 135,729 154,709 174,044 Less: Interest expense (income), net 129,363 9,302 ( 47,221 ) Less: Remeasurement loss (gain) on bitcoin investment 55,900 ( 420,918 ) ( 207,084 ) Less: Other expense (income), net ( 166,768 ) ( 53,211 ) 4,609 Income (loss) before applicable income taxes $ 1,689,911 $ 1,357,154 $ ( 29,143 ) 145 Revenue Revenue by geography is based on the addresses of the sellers or customers. The following table details revenue by geographic area (in thousands): Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 United States $ 22,186,575 $ 22,351,832 $ 20,416,462 International 2,007,108 1,769,221 1,499,161 Total $ 24,193,683 $ 24,121,053 $ 21,915,623 No individual country from the international markets contributed more than 10% of total revenue for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023. Long-Lived Assets The following table details long-lived assets by geographic area (in thousands): December 31, 2025 2024 United States $ 7,281,727 $ 7,435,117 Australia 4,453,807 4,159,229 International 1,933,458 1,790,529 Total $ 13,668,992 $ 13,384,875 Assets by reportable segment were not included, as this information is not reviewed by the CODM to make operating decisions or allocate resources, and is reviewed on a consolidated basis. NOTE 21 - SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION The supplemental disclosures of cash flow information consist of the following (in thousands): Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Supplemental cash flow data: Cash paid for interest $ 246,331 $ 205,776 $ 130,009 Cash paid for income taxes 129,390 270,314 81,376 Supplemental disclosures of non-cash investing and financing activities: Unsettled originations of consumer receivables 185,781 180,443 261,151 Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease obligations 38,919 36,976 7,106 Purchases of property and equipment in accounts payable and accrued expenses 8,806 3,266 3,921 Deferred purchase consideration related to business combinations — — 2,550 Fair value of common stock issued related to business combinations — — ( 6,658 ) 146 NOTE 22 - SUBSEQUENT EVENTS On February 26, 2026, we announced a workforce reduction restructuring plan (the “Workforce Plan") designed to better align our organizational structure with our operating model and strategic priorities. As part of the Workforce Plan, we expect to reduce our current workforce by more than 40 %. We currently estimate that we will incur charges of approximately $ 450 million to $ 500 million in connection with the Workforce Plan, consisting primarily of cash expenditures for notice period and severance payments, employee benefits, and related costs as well as non-cash expenses related to vesting of share-based awards. We expect that the majority of the restructuring charges will be incurred in the first quarter of fiscal 2026, and that the execution of the Workforce Plan will be substantially complete by the end of the second quarter of fiscal 2026. The Company’s estimates are subject to a number of assumptions, and the actual costs incurred may differ materially from those initial estimates. ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our management, with the participation of our Principal Executive Officer and our Principal Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the "Evaluation Date"). The term “disclosure controls and procedures,” as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company’s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on such evaluation, our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the Evaluation Date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2025 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria established in “Internal Control - Integrated Framework” (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ("COSO"). Based on that assessment, our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2025. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025 has been audited by Ernst & Young, LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein. 147 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION Securities Trading Plans of Directors and Executive Officers During the quarterly period ended December 31, 2025, the following directors adopted or modified a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” as defined in Regulation S-K Item 408, that are each intended to satisfy the affirmative defense in Rule 10b5-1(c), as follows: Name and Title Action Date of Adoption or Termination Expiration Date Maximum Aggregate Number of Class A Shares to be Sold Anthony Eisen Director Modification (i) November 28, 2025 November 28, 2026, or earlier if all transactions are completed 710,000 James McKelvey Director Adoption December 1, 2025 March 10, 2027, or earlier if all transactions are completed 1,000,000 (ii) (i) Modification of the Rule 10b5-1 plan adopted by Director Eisen on February 25, 2025. (ii) Director McKelvey's Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement provides for shares to be sold through the James M. McKelvey, Jr. Revocable Trust. No other officers, as defined in Rule 16a-1(f), or directors adopted and/or terminated a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or a “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” as defined in Regulation S-K Item 408, during the last fiscal quarter. ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS None. 148 PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The information required by this item will be included in our Proxy Statement for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 ("Proxy Statement") and is incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The information required by this item will be included in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The information required by this item will be included in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE The information required by this item will be included in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES The information required by this item will be included in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 149 PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (a) The following documents are filed as a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: (1) Consolidated Financial Statements: Our Consolidated Financial Statements are listed in the “Index to Consolidated Financial Statements” under Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. (2) Financial Statement Schedules: Schedules not listed above have been omitted because the information required to be set forth therein is not applicable or is shown in the financial statements or notes herein. (3) Exhibits The documents listed in the following Exhibit Index of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are incorporated by reference or are filed with this Annual Report on Form 10-K, in each case as indicated therein (numbered in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K): EXHIBIT INDEX Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant, as amended. 10-K 001-37622 3.1 February 24, 2022 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant. 8-K 001-37622 3.1 October 21, 2022 4.1 Indenture, dated November 13, 2020, between the Registrant and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (2026 Convertible Notes). 8-K 001-37622 4.1 November 13, 2020 4.2 Supplemental Indenture, dated January 21, 2025, between the Registrant and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (2026 Convertible Notes). 10-K 001-37622 4.6 February 24, 2025 4.3 Form of 0% Convertible Senior Note due 2026 (included in Exhibit 4.5). 8-K 001-37622 4.2 November 13, 2020 4.4 Indenture, dated November 13, 2020, between the Registrant and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (2027 Convertible Notes). 8-K 001-37622 4.3 November 13, 2020 4.5 Supplemental Indenture, dated January 21, 2025, between the Registrant and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (2027 Convertible Notes). 10-K 001-37622 4.9 February 24, 2025 4.6 Form of 0.25% Convertible Senior Note due 2027 (included in Exhibit 4.8). 8-K 001-37622 4.4 November 13, 2020 4.7 Indenture, dated as of May 20, 2021, by and between Square, Inc. and Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee (2.75% Senior Notes due 2026). 8-K 001-37622 4.1 May 20, 2021 4.8 Form of 2.75% Senior Note due 2026 (included in Exhibit 4.11). 8-K 001-37622 4.2 May 20, 2021 4.9 Indenture, dated as of August 18, 2025, by and between Block, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee (5.625% Senior Notes due 2030). 8-K 001-37622 4.1 August 18, 2025 4.10 Form of 5.625% Senior Note due 2030 (included in Exhibit 4. 10 ). 8-K 001-37622 4.2 August 18, 2025 4.11 Indenture, dated as of May 20, 2021 by and between Square, Inc. and Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee (3.50% Senior Notes due 2031). 8-K 001-37622 4.3 May 20, 2021 4.12 Form of 3.50% Senior Note due 2031 (included in Exhibit 4.13). 8-K 001-37622 4.4 May 20, 2021 150 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 4.13 Indenture, dated as of May 9, 2024, by and between Block, Inc. and Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee (6.50% Senior Notes due 2032). 8-K 001-37622 4.1 May 9, 2024 4.14 Form of 6.50% Senior Note due 2032 (included in Exhibit 4.15). 8-K 001-37622 4.2 May 9, 2024 4.15 Indenture, dated as of August 18, 2025 by and between Block, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee (6.000% Senior Notes due 2033). 8-K 001-37622 4.3 August 18, 2025 4.16 Form of 6.000% Senior Note due 2033 (included in Exhibit 4. 16 ). 8-K 001-37622 4.4 August 18, 2025 4.17 Description of Class A Common Stock. 10-K 001-37622 4.17 February 24, 2025 10.1+* Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Registrant and each of its directors and executive officers. S-1/A 333-207411 10.1 November 6, 2015 10.2.1+ B lock , Inc. 2025 Equity Incentive Plan. S-8 333-288249 99.1 June 23, 2025 10.2.2+ F orm of Restri cted Stock Unit Award and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Directors). S-8 333-288249 99.2 June 23, 2025 10.2.3+ Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement ( Emp loyees ) . S-8 333-288249 99.3 June 23, 2025 10.2.4+ Form of Restricted Stock Award and Restricted Stock Agreement . S-8 333-288249 99.4 June 23, 2025 10.2.5+ Form of Stock Option Grant and Stock Option Agreement. S-8 333-288249 99.5 June 23, 2025 10.3.1+ Block, Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended and restated. 10-K 001-37622 10.2.1 February 24, 2022 10.3.2+ Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement. 10-K 001-37622 10.2.2 February 24, 2025 10.3.3+ Form of Restricted Stock Award and Restricted Stock Agreement. 10-K 001-37622 10.2.3 February 24, 2022 10.3.4+ Form of Stock Option Grant and Stock Option Agreement. 10-K 001-37622 10.2.4 February 24, 2025 10.4+ Block, Inc. 2015 Employee Stock Purchase Plan as amended and restated . 10-Q 001-37622 10.6 August 7, 2025 10.5+ Square, Inc. Executive Incentive Compensation Plan. S-1 333-207411 10.5 October 14, 2015 10.6 Block, Inc. Outside Director Compensation Policy, as amended and restated. 10-K 001-37622 10.6 February 24, 2025 10.7+ Form of Change of Control and Severance Agreement between the Registrant and certain of its executive officers. S-1 333-207411 10.7 October 14, 2015 10.8+ Form of Change of Control and Severance Agreement between the Registrant and certain of its executive officers entered into on and after January 27, 2020. 10-K 001-37622 10.8 February 22, 2024 10.9+ Offer Letter between the Registrant and Jack Dorsey, dated as of March 7, 2016. 10-K 001-37622 10.8 March 10, 2016 10.10+ Offer Letter between the Registrant and Amrita Ahuja, dated as of December 16, 2018 . 8-K 001-37622 10.1 January 4, 2019 10.11 Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of May 1, 2020 among the Registrant, the Lenders Party Thereto, and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as Administrative Agent. 8-K 001-37622 10.1 May 6, 2020 10.12 First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of May 28, 2020, among the Registrant, the Lenders Party Thereto, and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as Administrative Agent. 8-K 001-37622 10.1 June 3, 2020 10.13 Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of November 9, 2020, among the Registrant, the Lenders Party Thereto, and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as Administrative Agent. 8-K 001-37622 10.6 November 10, 2020 10.14 Third Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of January 28, 2021, by and among the Registrant, the Lenders party thereto, and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as Administrative Agent. 8-K 001-37622 10.1 February 3, 2021 10.15 Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of May 25, 2021, by and among Square, Inc., the lenders party thereto, and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as Administrative Agent. 8-K 001-37622 10.1 May 26, 2021 151 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 10.16 Fifth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of January 28, 2022, by and among Block, Inc., the lenders party thereto, and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as Administrative Agent . 8-K 001-37622 10.1 January 31, 2022 10.17 Sixth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of February 23, 2022, by and among Block, Inc., the lenders party thereto, and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as Administrative Agent. 10-K 001-37622 10.21 February 24, 2022 10.18 Seventh Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of June 9, 2023, among Block, Inc., the lenders party thereto and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as Administrative Agent. 8-K 001-37622 10.1 June 9, 2023 10.19 Eighth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of March 29, 2024, among Block, Inc., the lenders that are party thereto and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as Administrative Agent. 8-K 001-37622 10.1 April 1, 2024 10.20 Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of January 14, 2026, among the Company, the Lenders Party Thereto, and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as Administrative Agent. 8-K 001-37622 10.1 January 14, 2026 10.21 Form of Convertible Note Hedge Confirmation. 8-K 001-37622 10.2 May 25, 2018 10.22 Form of Warrant Confirmation. 8-K 001-37622 10.3 May 25, 2018 10.23 Form of Convertible Note Hedge Confirmation. 8-K 001-37622 10.2 March 5, 2020 10.24 Form of Warrant Confirmation. 8-K 001-37622 10.3 March 5, 2020 10.25 Form of Convertible Note Hedge Confirmation (2026 Convertible Notes). 8-K 001-37622 10.2 November 10, 2020 10.26 Form of 2026 Warrant Confirmation. 8-K 001-37622 10.4 November 10, 2020 10.27 Form of Convertible Note Hedge Confirmation (2027 Convertible Notes). 8-K 001-37622 10.3 November 10, 2020 10.28 Form of 2027 Warrant Confirmation. 8-K 001-37622 10.5 November 10, 2020 19.1 Block, Inc. Insider Trading Policy and Guidelines with Respect to Certain Transactions in Securities. 10-K 001-37622 19.1 February 24, 2025 21.1* List of subsidiaries of the Registrant. 23.1* Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 31.1* Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2* Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1†* Certifications of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 97.1* Financial Restatement Clawback Policy 101.INS XBRL Instance Document – the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). ____________________ *     Filed herewith. + Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 152 †    The certifications attached as Exhibit 32.1 that accompany this Annual Report on Form 10-K are deemed furnished and not filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Registrant under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY None. 153 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Date: February 26, 2026 BLOCK, INC. By: /s/ Jack Dorsey Jack Dorsey Block Head and Chairperson (Principal Executive Officer) POWER OF ATTORNEY Each person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints Jack Dorsey, Amrita Ahuja, and Chrysty Esperanza, and each of them, as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully for all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or their, his or her substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 154 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: Signature Title Date /s/ Jack Dorsey Block Head and Chairperson (Principal Executive Officer) February 26, 2026 Jack Dorsey /s/ Amrita Ahuja Chief Financial Officer & Chief Operating Officer (Principal Financial Officer) February 26, 2026 Amrita Ahuja /s/ Ajmere Dale Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) February 26, 2026 Ajmere Dale /s/ Roelof Botha Director February 26, 2026 Roelof Botha /s/ Amy Brooks Director February 26, 2026 Amy Brooks /s/ Shawn Carter Director February 26, 2026 Shawn Carter /s/ Paul Deighton Director February 26, 2026 Paul Deighton /s/ Anthony Eisen Director February 26, 2026 Anthony Eisen /s/ Randy Garutti Director February 26, 2026 Randy Garutti /s/ Jim McKelvey Director February 26, 2026 Jim McKelvey /s/ Mary Meeker Director February 26, 2026 Mary Meeker /s/ Neha Narula Director February 26, 2026 Neha Narula 155

