TICKER: YHGJ
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain disruptions and inflationary
pressures and changes in trade policy. Beginning
in 2021 we saw material shortages, supply chain interruption, and a reduced ability to transport goods throughout the United States and
globally. These pressures forced us to take steps to ensure product availability, including purchasing materials at higher prices and
more aggressively managing lead times. Despite these efforts, our ability to fulfill customer demands was challenged. In addition, changes
in U.S. and international trade policies, including the imposition or threat of tariffs, duties, or other trade restrictions, may increase
the cost of raw materials, components, and equipment used in our operations. Trade-related uncertainty may also contribute to supply
chain volatility, increased freight costs, and reduced availability of key inputs. If tariffs or other trade barriers are imposed or
expanded, we may not be able to fully pass these increased costs on to customers, which could adversely affect our margins and profitability. We
have passed certain cost increases on to customers in the form of price adjustments; however, continued inflationary pressure, tariff-related
cost increases, or supply chain disruptions may negatively impact our sales volumes, financial results, and overall business performance
going forward. Our
business and results of operations have been and may continue to be negatively impacted by public health crises or similar issues or
similar events. We
sell our products throughout the United States and in many foreign countries and may be impacted by public health crises beyond our control.
This could disrupt our operations and negatively impact consumer spending and confidence levels, and supply availability and costs, all
of which can affect our financial results, condition, and outlook. Our customers, suppliers and distributors may experience similar disruption.
Importantly, the global pandemic resulting from COVID-19 has disrupted global health, economic and market conditions. Throughout
2021 and into 2022 the landscape improved from 2020, but the issue drove elements of disruption in the ability to travel, attract and
retain workers, manage production configurations and protocols, the supply chain and customer base. While we cannot predict the duration
or scope of any issue similar to the COVID-19 pandemic, the resurgence of infections in one or more markets, or the impact of vaccines
across the globe, this has negatively impacted our business and is expected to continue to impact our financial results, condition and
outlook in a way that may be material. COVID-19
has also delayed certain strategic transactions the Company intended to close during 2020, most notably its attempted sale of its former
subsidiary Flexo Universal which was ultimately realized during October 2021 and the potential relocation of certain activities to the
Laredo, Texas area, which is no longer a consideration of the Company. The
price and availability of helium may negatively impact our largest product line. Helium
price volatility has had, and may continue to have, a recurring impact on our business. Our largest product line consists of balloons
that are filled with helium by customers. As a result, fluctuations in helium pricing directly affect customer purchasing behavior. When
helium prices increase beyond a normal range, customers may temporarily discontinue offering helium-filled balloons or raise prices to
end consumers, which can negatively impact overall demand. Although helium prices have fluctuated over time, periods of elevated pricing
have historically reduced demand for our products and adversely affected revenue. We believe that sustained increases in helium prices
can result in reduced customer orders and lower sales volumes. While helium prices may stabilize or decline during certain periods, volatility
remains a risk, and any future increases above normal pricing levels could materially and negatively impact on our revenue and operating
results. To the extent helium prices exceed customary market levels for a sustained period, the more significant the potential adverse
effect on our business performance. Staffing
levels As
a lean manufacturer our employees perform multiple roles within our company. While we have managed succession in the past and intend
to continue doing so, any failure to recruit and retain qualified individuals may negatively impact on our financial results and the
ability to perform as intended. Machinery
and Equipment During
the first quarter of 2025 we had multiple instances of equipment failure specifically in third-party print runs. While this equipment
has been repaired or replaced, the repair costs and in certain cases the need to run product on third party equipment negatively impacted
our financial results. To the extent equipment does not perform as intended, our results may be negatively impacted. Subsidiary
in China On
June 30, 2024, through our wholly owned subsidiary, Yunhong Technology Industry (Hubei) Co., Ltd., we acquired certain manufacturing
equipment and related production assets from Yunhong Environmental Protection Technology Co., Ltd. and Yunhong China Group (together,
the “Selling Parties”) pursuant to an Asset Purchase Agreement. As consideration for the acquisition, the Company issued
500,000 shares of its common stock. In addition, the Selling Parties agreed to assume or pay certain specified expenses of the subsidiary
as part of the transaction. On December 2, 2025, the Company entered into a settlement agreement with the seller pursuant to which 175,000
shares of common stock were reacquired and canceled in exchange for the Company surrendering its rights to approximately $2.1 million
of prepaid assets representing a working capital credit for the buildout of operations Although
the subsidiary was established to expand our international manufacturing operations, commercial production has not commenced as of the
date of this report due to tariff conditions and broader macroeconomic factors. The timing and extent of future operations in the China
subsidiary will depend on market conditions and the Company’s strategic evaluation of the subsidiary’s viability. During
the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company evaluated the carrying value of the acquired equipment and recorded an impairment charge
of approximately $351,000. Our
common stock may not trade efficiently During
2024 we were informed by Nasdaq that the bid price of our common stock had been below $1 for an extended period of time. On October 1,
2025, the Company executed a reverse stock split of its shares of common stock at a ratio of 1-for-10. All of the Company’s historical
share and per share information related to issued and outstanding common stock and outstanding options and warrants exercisable for common
stock in these financial statements have been adjusted, on a retroactive basis, to reflect this 1-for-10 reverse stock split . On
October 21, 2025, the Company received a written notice from Nasdaq Listing Qualifications confirming that, for the ten consecutive trading
days ended October 14, 2025, the closing bid price of the Company’s common stock had been at or above $1.00 per share. Accordingly,
the Company has regained compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2), and the matter is now closed. 9 Table of Contents Item
No. 1B – Unresolved Staff Comments As
of the filing of this Annual report on Form 10-K, we had no unresolved comments from the staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Item
No. 1C - – Cybersecurity Our
business is subject to risk from cybersecurity threats and incidents, including attempts to gain unauthorized access to our systems and
networks, or those of our managers, venture partners and third-party

--- VENDORS ---
vendors, small retail outlets and at fairs, amusement parks, shopping centers and other outdoor facilities
and functions. Foil balloons remain buoyant when filled with helium for extended periods of time and they permit the printing and display
of graphics and messages. As a result, the product has significant appeal as a novelty and message item. Foil balloons became part of
the “social expression” industry, carrying graphics designs, characters and messages like greeting cards. In the mid-1980s,
we and other participants in the market began licensing character and cartoon images for printing on the balloons and directed marketing
of the balloons to retail outlets including grocery, general merchandise, discount and drug store chains, card and gift shops, party
goods stores as well as florists and balloon decorators. These outlets now represent the principal means for the sale of foil balloons
throughout the United States and in a number of other countries, although individual vendors remain a means of distribution in certain
areas. Foil
balloons are now sold in virtually every region of the world. The United States remains the largest market for these products. Foil
balloons are sold in the United States and foreign countries directly by producers to retail outlets and through distributors and wholesalers.
Often the sale of foil balloons by the wholesalers/distributors is accompanied by related products including latex balloons, floral supplies,
candy containers, mugs, plush toys, baskets and a variety of party goods. 4 Table of Contents Latex
Balloons For
a number of years, latex balloons and related novelty/toy latex items have been marketed and sold throughout the United States and in
many other countries. Latex balloons are sold as novelty/toy items for decorative purposes, as part of floral designs and as party goods
and favors. In addition to standard size and shape balloons, inflatable latex items include punch balls, water bombs, balloons to be
twisted into shapes, and other specialty designs. Often, latex balloons include printed messages or designs. Latex
balloons are sold principally in retail outlets, including party goods stores, general merchandise stores, discount chains, gift stores
and drugstore chains. Latex balloons are also purchased by balloon decorators and floral outlets for use in decorative or floral designs.
Printed latex balloons are sold both in retail outlets and for balloon decoration purposes including floral designs. Latex
balloons are sold both through distributors and directly to retail outlets by the producers. Printed
and Specialty Films The
industry and market for printed and specialty films are fragmented and include many participants. There are hundreds of manufacturers
of printed and specialty film products in the United States and in other markets. In many cases, companies who provide food and other
products in film packages also produce or process the films used for their packages. The market for the Company’s film products
consists principally of companies who utilize the films for the packaging of their products, including food products and other items,
usually by converting the film to a flexible container. Marketing,
Sales and Distribution Balloon
Products We
work in collaboration with our customers on designs, promotions, and other elements of marketing and selling. Our customers are typically
retailers who sell our products to individual consumers. These relationships generally can be terminated unilaterally by either us or
our customers. We must maintain good relationships with our customers if this sales model is to be successful. We
market and sell our foil balloon, latex balloon and related novelty products throughout the United States and in a number of other countries.
We maintain marketing, sales and support staff and a customer service department in the United States. We sell directly to foreign customers
from the United States. We
sell and distribute our balloon products (i) through our sales staff and customer service personnel in the United States, (ii) through
a network of distributors and wholesalers, (iii) through several groups of independent sales representatives, and (iv) to retail chains.
Our balloon products are generally sold through retail outlets including grocery, general merchandise and drug store chains, card and
gift shops, party goods stores as well as florists and balloon decorators. We
sometimes engage in advertising and promotional activities to promote the sale of our balloon products. We produce catalogs of our balloon
products and also prepare various flyers and brochures for special or seasonal products, which we disseminate to customers, potential
customers and others. We maintain websites which show images of our products. Printed
and Specialty Films We
market and sell printed and laminated films directly and through independent sales representatives throughout the United States. We sell
laminated and printed films to companies that utilize these films to produce packaging for a variety of products, including food products,
in both solid and liquid form, such as cola syrup, coffee, juices and other items. We seek to identify and maintain customer relationships
in which we provide added value in the form of technology or systems. Other
Products Other
products are sold by our internal sales force directly to customers and also by independent sales representatives. These products are
generally sold directly to retail outlets or other intermediaries to the ultimate consumer (for example, to a florist). 5 Table of Contents Production
and Operations We
conduct our operations at our facilities including: (i) our 69,000 square feet facility in Lake Barrington, Illinois, incorporating our
headquarters office, production and warehouse space, and (ii) our 69,000 square foot facility in Elgin, Illinois consisting of warehouse,
packaging and office space. Our
production operations include (i) lamination and extrusion coating of films, (ii) slitting of film rolls, (iii) printing on film and
on latex balloons, (iv) converting film to completed products including balloons, flexible containers and pouches, (v) distributing latex
balloon products, (vi) inflating of air-filled balloons, and (vii) assembling Candy blossoms. We perform all of the lamination, extrusion
coating and slitting activities in our Lake Barrington, Illinois plant. We complete air-filling and assembly of balloons and balloon-inspired
gifts in our Elgin, Illinois facility. We
warehouse raw materials in Lake Barrington, Illinois and we warehouse finished goods at our facilities in Lake Barrington, Illinois and
Elgin, Illinois. We maintain customer service and fulfillment operations at each of our locations. We conduct sales operations for the
United States and for all other markets at the Lake Barrington, Illinois facility. We
maintain a graphic arts and development department at our Lake Barrington, Illinois facility which designs our balloon products and graphics.
Our creative department operates a networked, computerized graphic arts system for the production of these designs and of printed materials
including catalogues, advertisements and other promotional materials. As many of our products are custom designed or created to fulfill
promotional schedules, we sometimes have excess inventory that must be sold at a discount or disposed of. Any such disposition will typically
negatively impact our profit margin. We
conduct administrative and accounting functions at our headquarters in Lake Barrington, Illinois. Raw
Materials The
principal raw materials we use in

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials,
our dependence on a limited number of suppliers, the possible inability to obtain an adequate supply of raw materials, our reliance on
a limited number of key customers, the loss of one or more of our key customers, changing consumer demands, developments or changes in
technology, risks of international operations and political environments, dependence on our intellectual property, compliance with federal,
state or local regulations, the resolution of litigation or other legal proceedings to which we may become involved, restrictions included
in the Company’s credit facility, the availability of funds under the Company’s credit facility, damage to or destruction
of one or both of the Company’s principal plants, our ability to service our indebtedness, our ability to invest in needed plant
or equipment. PART
I Item
No. 1 – Business Business
Overview We
develop, produce, distribute and sell a number of consumer products throughout the United States and in several other countries, and
we produce film products for commercial and industrial uses in the United States. Many of our products utilize flexible films and, for
a number of years, we have been a leading developer of innovative products which employ flexible films including novelty balloons, pouches
and films for commercial packaging applications. Our
principal lines of products include: Novelty
Products consisting principally of foil and latex balloons and related gift items; and Flexible
Films for food and other commercial and packaging applications. Balloon-inspired gifts and Other Products In
addition to these principal product lines, for the past several years, we have engaged in the assembly and sale of balloon-inspired gift
items (small gift bouquets of arranged candy items often including ribbons and/or a small foil balloon). During
2023 we expanded to include samples of compostable material intended to replace single-use plastic and other materials. Adding these
materials to our Company inspired us to ask our shareholders to include “Green” in our name and to reflect our name in new
trading symbol “YHGJ”. Our shareholders approved of these actions during August 2023. We
leverage our technology to design and develop proprietary products which we develop, market and sell for our customers. We have been
engaged in the business of developing flexible film products for over 40 years and have acquired significant technology and know-how
in that time. We currently hold several patents related to flexible film products, including specific films, zipper closures, valves
and other features of these products. 1 Table of Contents We
print, process and convert flexible film into finished products and we produce balloons and novelty items. Our principal production processes
include: ● Coating
    and laminating rolls of flexible film. Generally, we adhere polyethylene film to another film such as nylon or polyester; ● Printing
    film and latex balloons. We print on plastic films, with a variety of graphics, for use as packaging film or for balloons; ● Converting
    printed film to balloons; ● Converting
    film to flexible containers; ● Producing
    or reselling latex balloons and other latex novelty items; and ● Assembling
    and inflating of novelty products and balloons and Candy Blossoms. In
1978, we began manufacturing metalized balloons (often referred to as “foil” balloons), which are balloons made of a base
material (usually nylon or polyester) often having vacuum deposited aluminum and polyethylene coatings. These balloons remain buoyant
when filled with helium for much longer periods than latex balloons and permit the printing of graphic designs on the surface. In 1985,
we began marketing latex balloons and, in 1988, we began manufacturing latex balloons. In 1999, we acquired an extrusion coating and
laminating machine and began production of coated and laminated films, which we have produced since that time. For
more than 20 years, we have been engaged in the coating, laminating and printing of flexible films for our novelty and container products
and for the production of laminated and printed films we supply to others. We
market and sell our foil and latex balloons and related novelty items throughout the United States, Canada and Mexico and in a number
of other countries. We supply directly to retail stores and chains and through distributors, who in turn sell to retail stores and chains.
Our balloon and novelty products are sold to consumers through a wide variety of retail outlets including general merchandise, discount
and drugstore chains, grocery chains, card and gift shops and party goods stores, as well as through florists and balloon decorators. Most
of our foil balloons contain printed characters, designs and social expression messages, such as “Happy Birthday,” “Get
Well” and similar items. We may obtain licenses from time to time for well-known characters and print those characters and messages
on our balloons. We
provide customized laminated films and printed films to customers who utilize the film to produce bags or pouches for the packaging of
food, liquids and other items. In 2014, we began assembling and producing balloon-inspired gifts - containers including candy items and,
often, air-inflated balloons. In
2025, our revenues from our product lines, as a percentage of total revenues were: ● Novelty
    Products 65%
    of revenues ● Flexible
    Film Products 6%
    of revenues ● Balloon-inspired
    gifts and Other Products 29%
    of revenues We
are an Illinois corporation with our principal offices and plant at 22160 N. Pepper Road, Lake Barrington, Illinois. 2 Table of Contents Business
Strategies and Developments Our
business strategies, and recent developments related to our business, include: ● Management .
    During 2024 Ms. Jana Schwan became our Chief Executive Officer after having served as Chief Operating Officer since 2020, Vice President
    of Operations and a number of other roles of increasing responsibility during her 20 years with the Company. Mr. Yubao Li has been
    Chairman of the Board of Directors since 2020. ● Financing .
    We entered into a credit facility during September 2021 that was extended during 2025 expiring April 2028. We have been in compliance
    with this credit facility since inception. ● Strategy. Our management determined to focus on achieving growth and profitability within the current scope of our core product lines –
    foil balloons and related products – from our United States based business. In addition, we seek to leverage advancements in
    compostable materials from a group of companies based in China that are directly or indirectly controlled by our Chairman and director,
    Mr. Yubao Li (collectively, and including LF International plc, these other companies are referred to herein as the “Yunhong
    Companies” or “Yunhong Group”). We believe the combination of traditional product optimization with risk-managed
    investment in new materials is the right combination for our company. ● Focus
    on our Core Assets and Expertise . We have been engaged in the development, production and sale of film and container products
    for 40 years and have developed assets, technology and expertise which, we believe, enable us to develop, manufacture, purchase,
    market and sell innovative products of high quality within our areas of knowledge and expertise. We have focused our efforts on these
    core assets and areas of expertise – film novelty products, specialty film products, laminated films and printed films –
    to develop new products, to market and sell our products and to build our revenues. ● Develop
    New Products, Product Improvements and Technologies . We engage in research, design, innovation and development for the purpose
    of developing and improving products, materials, methods and technologies within our core product categories. We work to develop
    and identify new products, to improve existing products and to develop new technologies within our core product areas in order to
    enhance our competitive position and increase our sales. We seek to leverage our technology to develop innovative and proprietary
    products. In our novelty product lines, our development work includes new designs, new character licenses, new product developments,
    new materials and improved production methods. We work with customers to develop custom film products which serve the unique needs
    or requirements of the customer. We seek to leverage the advancements of other Yunhong Companies. ● Develop
    New Channels of Distribution and New Sales Relationships . We seek to organically develop new channels of distribution and new
    sales relationships, both for existing and new products. Over the past several years, we have developed new distributors and customers
    for our products in the United States and in Europe, Mexico, Latin America and Australia. We also look to leverage resources within
    the Yunhong China Group for a wide range of topics, from sales to sourcing. ● Product
    and Line Extensions. We intend to pursue new product lines and product line extensions, through internal developments. 3 Table of Contents Products Foil
Balloons . We have designed, produced and sold foil balloons since 1979 and, we believe, are one of the larger manufacturers of foil
balloons in the United States. Currently, we produce several hundred foil balloon designs, in different shapes and sizes. In
addition to size and shape, a principal element of our foil balloon products is the printed design or message contained on the balloon.
These designs may include figures and licensed characters, but typically are of our own design. We recognize that consumer trends and
preferences, and competing products, are constantly changing. In order to compete effectively in this product line we must constantly
innovate and develop new designs, shapes and products. Latex
Balloons . Our former subsidiary in Guadalajara, Mexico, Flexo Universal, S. de R.L. de C.V. (“Flexo Universal”) manufactures
latex balloons in a wide variety of sizes and colors. Flexo Universal was sold during October 2021. The Company currently sources latex
products from a foreign supplier and resells those products to customers that seek both foil and latex solutions. Packaging
Films and Custom Film Products. A large and increasing number of both consumer and commercial products are packaged in pouches or
containers utilizing flexible films. Often such containers include printed labels and designs. We produce and sell films that may be
utilized for the packaging of a wide variety of products and liquids. We laminate, extrusion coat and adhesive coat flexible films for
these purposes and we provide flexographic printing for the films we produce. We can produce a variety of customized film products, and
printing services, to meet the specific packaging needs of a wide variety of customers. Other
Products. In 2014, we began assembly and sale of our balloon-inspired gifts product line (typically a presentation of candy with
a balloon in a decorative arrangement for gifting). We have since supplemented this product line with related products. Markets Foil
Balloons The
foil balloon came into existence in the late 1970s. During the 1980s, the market for foil balloons grew rapidly. Initially, the product
was sold principally to individual vendors, small retail outlets and at fairs, amusement parks, shopping centers and other outdoor facilities
and functions. Foil balloons remain buoyant when filled with helium for extended periods of time and they permit the printing and display
of graphics and messages. As a result, the product has significant appeal as a novelty and message item. Foil balloons became part of
the “social expression” industry, carrying graphics designs, characters and messages like greeting cards. In the mid-1980s,
we and other participants in the market began licensing character and cartoon images for printing on the balloons and directed marketing
of the balloons to retail outlets including grocery, general merchandise, discount and drug store chains, card and gift shops, party
goods stores as well as florists and balloon decorators. These outlets now represent the principal means for the sale of foil balloons
throughout the United States and in a number of other countries, although individual vendors remain a means of distribution in certain
areas. Foil
balloons are now sold in virtually every region of the world. The United States remains the largest market for these products. Foil
balloons are sold in the United States and foreign countries directly by producers to retail outlets and through distributors and wholesalers.
Often the sale of foil balloons by the wholesalers/distributors is accompanied by related products including latex balloons, floral supplies,
candy containers, mugs, plush toys, baskets and a variety of party goods. 4 Table of Contents Latex
Balloons For
a number of years, latex balloons and related novelty/toy latex items have been marketed and sold throughout the United States and in
many other countries. Latex balloons are sold as novelty/toy items for decorative purposes, as part of floral designs and as party goods
and favors. In addition to standard size and shape balloons, inflatable latex items include punch balls, water bombs, balloons to be
twisted into shapes, and other specialty designs. Often, latex balloons include printed messages or designs. Latex
balloons are sold principally in retail outlets, including party goods stores, general merchandise stores, discount chains, gift stores
and drugstore chains. Latex balloons are also purchased by balloon decorators and floral outlets for use in decorative or floral designs.
Printed latex balloons are sold both in retail outlets and for balloon decoration purposes including floral designs. Latex
balloons are sold both through distributors and directly to retail outlets by the producers. Printed
and Specialty Films The
industry and market for printed and specialty films are fragmented and include many participants. There are hundreds of manufacturers
of printed and specialty film products in the United States and in other markets. In many cases, companies who provide food and other
products in film packages also produce or process the films used for their packages. The market for the Company’s film products
consists principally of companies who utilize the films for the packaging of their products, including food products and other items,
usually by converting the film to a flexible container. Marketing,
Sales and Distribution Balloon
Products We
work in collaboration with our customers on designs, promotions, and other elements of marketing and selling. Our customers are typically
retailers who sell our products to individual consumers. These relationships generally can be terminated unilaterally by either us or
our customers. We must maintain good relationships with our customers if this sales model is to be successful. We
market and sell our foil balloon, latex balloon and related novelty products throughout the United States and in a number of other countries.
We maintain marketing, sales and support staff and a customer service department in the United States. We sell directly to foreign customers
from the United States. We
sell and distribute our balloon products (i) through our sales staff and customer service personnel in the United States, (ii) through
a network of distributors and wholesalers, (iii) through several groups of independent sales representatives, and (iv) to retail chains.
Our balloon products are generally sold through retail outlets including grocery, general merchandise and drug store chains, card and
gift shops, party goods stores as well as florists and balloon decorators. We
sometimes engage in advertising and promotional activities to promote the sale of our balloon products. We produce catalogs of our balloon
products and also prepare various flyers and brochures for special or seasonal products, which we disseminate to customers, potential
customers and others. We maintain websites which show images of our products. Printed
and Specialty Films We
market and sell printed and laminated films directly and through independent sales representatives throughout the United States. We sell
laminated and printed films to companies that utilize these films to produce packaging for a variety of products, including food products,
in both solid and liquid form, such as cola syrup, coffee, juices and other items. We seek to identify and maintain customer relationships
in which we provide added value in the form of technology or systems. Other
Products Other
products are sold by our internal sales force directly to customers and also by independent sales representatives. These products are
generally sold directly to retail outlets or other intermediaries to the ultimate consumer (for example, to a florist). 5 Table of Contents Production
and Operations We
conduct our operations at our facilities including: (i) our 69,000 square feet facility in Lake Barrington, Illinois, incorporating our
headquarters office, production and warehouse space, and (ii) our 69,000 square foot facility in Elgin, Illinois consisting of warehouse,
packaging and office space. Our
production operations include (i) lamination and extrusion coating of films, (ii) slitting of film rolls, (iii) printing on film and
on latex balloons, (iv) converting film to completed products including balloons, flexible containers and pouches, (v) distributing latex
balloon products, (vi) inflating of air-filled balloons, and (vii) assembling Candy blossoms. We perform all of the lamination, extrusion
coating and slitting activities in our Lake Barrington, Illinois plant. We complete air-filling and assembly of balloons and balloon-inspired
gifts in our Elgin, Illinois facility. We
warehouse raw materials in Lake Barrington, Illinois and we warehouse finished goods at our facilities in Lake Barrington, Illinois and
Elgin, Illinois. We maintain customer service and fulfillment operations at each of our locations. We conduct sales operations for the
United States and for all other markets at the Lake Barrington, Illinois facility. We
maintain a graphic arts and development department at our Lake Barrington, Illinois facility which designs our balloon products and graphics.
Our creative department operates a networked, computerized graphic arts system for the production of these designs and of printed materials
including catalogues, advertisements and other promotional materials. As many of our products are custom designed or created to fulfill
promotional schedules, we sometimes have excess inventory that must be sold at a discount or disposed of. Any such disposition will typically
negatively impact our profit margin. We
conduct administrative and accounting functions at our headquarters in Lake Barrington, Illinois. Raw
Materials The
principal raw materials we use in manufacturing our products are (i) petroleum or natural gas-based films, (ii) petroleum or natural
gas-based resin, (iii) printing inks, and (iv) bulk candy. The cost of raw materials represents a significant portion of the total cost
of our products, with the result that fluctuations in the cost of raw materials have a material effect on our profitability. During the
past several years, we have experienced significant fluctuations in the cost of these raw materials. We do not have any long-term agreements
for the supply of raw materials and may experience wide fluctuations in the cost of raw materials in the future. Further, although we
have been able to obtain adequate supplies of raw materials in the past, there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain adequate
supplies of one or more of our raw materials in the future. Many
of the foil balloons we produce and sell are intended to be filled with helium in order to be buoyant. Over the past several years, the
price of helium has fluctuated substantially and the availability of helium has, on occasion, been limited. During 2018 and 2019, the
availability of helium declined and the cost of helium increased. The supply of helium improved significantly until 2022, when another
set of supply disruptions caused significant price escalation of helium. The price of helium has gradually decreased during the second
half of 2022 and through 2025. Any future occurrence of limited availability and/or an increase in the cost of helium could adversely
affect our sales of foil balloons. 6 Table of Contents Competition The
balloon and novelty industry is highly competitive, with numerous competitors. We believe the principal manufacturers of foil balloons
whose products are sold in the United States include Anagram International, Inc., Pioneer Balloon Company, Convertidora International
S.A. de C.V., and Betallic, LLC. Several companies market and sell foil balloons designed by them and manufactured by others for them.
In addition, there are several additional foil balloon manufacturers in Europe and China who participate in our markets. We
compete for the sale of latex balloons in the United States, Canada, Mexico, Latin America, the United Kingdom, Australia and Europe.
There are a number of other companies situated in the United States, Mexico, Asia, South America and Europe who manufacture latex balloons
and with whom we compete in the markets in which we participate. The markets are highly competitive with respect to price, quality and
terms. The
market for films, packaging, and custom products is fragmented, and competition in this area is difficult to gauge. However, there are
numerous participants in this market, and the Company can expect to experience intense quality and price competition. Many
of the companies in these markets offer products and services that are the same or similar to those offered by us and our ability to
compete depends on many factors within and outside our control. There are a number of well-established competitors in each of our product
lines, several of which possess substantially greater financial, marketing and technical resources and have established extensive, direct
and indirect channels of distribution for their products and services. As a result, such competitors may be able to respond more quickly
to new developments and changes in customer requirements, or devote greater resources to the development, promotion and sale of their
products and services than we can. Competitive pressures include, among other things, price competition, new designs and product development
and copyright licensing. Patents,
Trademarks and Copyrights We
have developed or acquired a number of intellectual property rights which we believe are significant to our business. While intellectual
property rights are helpful, we believe that their degree of protection is uncertain. Competitors may violate our intellectual property
rights, forcing us to decide whether to challenge them. Such rights may or may not withstand challenge. Conversely, entities may charge
us with violating their intellectual property rights. Failure to protect our rights, or conflict with the rights of one or more other
entities, may negatively impact our financial and competitive position. Proprietary
Designs and Copyright Licenses. We design the shapes and graphic designs of most of our foil balloon products. Trademarks. We own nine registered trademarks in the United States relating to our balloon products, including trademark applications. Some of
these trademarks are registered in foreign countries, principally in the European Union. Patent
Rights. We own, or have license rights under, or have applied for, patents related to our balloon products, certain film products
and certain flexible container products. Research
and Development We
maintain a product development and research group for the development or identification of new products, product designs, product components
and sources of supply. Research and development includes (i) creative product development and design, (ii) creative marketing, and (iii)
engineering development. During each of the fiscal years ended December 31, 2025, and 2024, we estimate that the total amount spent on
research and development activities was approximately $200,000 and $200,000, respectively. 7 Table of Contents Employees As
of December 31, 2025, the Company had 52 full-time employees in the United States, of whom 12 are executive or supervisory, 2 are in
sales, 25 are in manufacturing or warehouse functions and 13 are clerical. The Company is not a party to any collective bargaining agreement
in the United States, has not experienced any work stoppages, and believes that its relationship with its employees is satisfactory. The
Company expects its local labor market in the US (near Chicago) to continue to become more costly over time, which, if not changed, would
negatively impact its future profitability. The Company has introduced additional automation features in its production lines beginning
2022 and expects to continue to implement automation tools. Regulatory
Matters Our
manufacturing operations in the United States are subject to the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Act (“OSHA”). We believe
we are in material compliance with OSHA. The Company generates liquid, gaseous and solid waste materials in its operations in Lake Barrington,
Illinois and the generation, emission or disposal of such waste materials are, or may be, subject to various federal, state and local
laws and regulations regarding the generation, emission or disposal of waste materials. We believe we are in material compliance with
applicable environmental rules and regulations. Several states have enacted laws limiting or restricting the release of helium filled
foil balloons. We do not believe such legislation will have any material effect on our operations. An
increasing number of regulations and actions relate to the integrity and security of individually identifiable data. Additionally, we
require the effective use of data in running our business. While we are not aware of losses in the past, access of such data by unauthorized
persons may expose us to costs, fines, penalties, and loss of customer confidence. International
Operations The
Company formed a wholly owned subsidiary, Yunhong Technology (Hubei) Co., Ltd., in Hubei Province, China (the “China subsidiary”)
to support its international production operations. On June 30, 2024, through this subsidiary, the Company acquired certain production
equipment and related manufacturing assets pursuant to an Asset Purchase Agreement. The consideration consisted of 500,000 shares of
the Company’s common stock, valued at approximately $6.25 million at the time of issuance. On December 2, 2025, the Company entered
into a settlement agreement with the seller pursuant to which 175,000 shares of common stock were reacquired and canceled in exchange
for the Company surrendering its rights to approximately $2.1 million of prepaid assets representing a working capital credit for the
buildout of operations Available
Information We
maintain our corporate website at www.ctiindustries.com and we make available, free of charge, through this website our annual report
on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports that we file with, or furnish
to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file that material
with, or furnish it to, the SEC. You may also read and copy material filed by us with the SEC at the SEC’s Public Reference Room
at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, and you may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling
the SEC in the U.S. at 1-800-SEC-0330. In addition, the SEC maintains an Internet website, www.sec.gov, which contains reports, proxy
and information statements and other information that we file electronically with the SEC. Our website also includes corporate governance
information, including our Code of Ethics, Clawback Policy and our Board Committee Charters. The information contained on our website
does not constitute a part of this report. 8 Table of Contents Item
No. 1A –

