TICKER: ZM
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain, and ability to provide our services. We and the third parties with whom we work are subject to a variety of evolving threats, including but not limited to social-engineering attacks (including through deep fakes, which may be increasingly difficult to identify as fake, and phishing attacks), malicious code (such as viruses and worms), malware (including as a result of advanced persistent threat intrusions), denial-of-service attacks, credential stuffing, personnel misconduct or error, supply-chain attacks, software bugs, server malfunctions, software or hardware failures, loss of data or other information technology assets, adware, telecommunications failures, attacks enhanced or facilitated by AI, earthquakes, fires, floods, and other similar threats. Ransomware attacks, including those perpetrated by organized criminal threat actors, nation-states, and nation-state-supported actors, are becoming increasingly prevalent and severe and can lead to significant interruptions in our operations or our ability to provide our products or services, loss of data and income, reputational harm, and diversion of funds. Extortion payments may alleviate the negative impact of a ransomware attack, but we may be unwilling or unable to make such payments due to, for example, applicable laws or regulations prohibiting such payments. Moreover, we and many similarly situated companies have been targeted by nation-state sponsored schemes intended to defraud companies through remote-work IT scams. While to date, these scams have not been successful, if they were to succeed, these scams could expose us to governmental and regulatory as well as market and media scrutiny regarding the actual or perceived integrity of our platform or data security, as well as other potential liability and consequences. Additionally, our platform, products, and services are relied on by a large number of companies 22 Table of Contents worldwide and as a result, if our platform, products, or solutions are compromised, a significant number or all of our customers and their data could be simultaneously affected. The potential liability and associated consequences we could suffer as a result of such a large-scale event could be catastrophic and result in irreparable harm. Future or past business transactions (such as acquisitions or integrations) could expose us to additional cybersecurity risks and vulnerabilities, as our systems could be negatively affected by vulnerabilities present in acquired or integrated entities’ systems and technologies.  Furthermore, we have discovered, and may in the future discover security issues that were not found during due diligence of such acquired or integrated entities, and it may be difficult to integrate companies into our information technology environment and security program. Our customers may place certain security obligations on us. For example, some of our customers may be subject to the EU’s Digital Operational Resilience Act (DORA) and similar UK regulatory requirements on operational resilience. These laws may obligate our customers to impose contractual provisions on us, including certain mandatory third-party risk management provisions. If we fail to materially comply with these contractual requirements, we may be subject to investigations, audits or other adverse consequences. In addition, our reliance on third parties has in the past and could continue to introduce new cybersecurity risks and vulnerabilities, including supply-chain attacks, and other threats to our business operations. We rely on third parties to operate critical business systems to process confidential, proprietary, and sensitive data in a variety of contexts, including, without limitation, cloud-based infrastructure, data center facilities, encryption and authentication technology, employee email, content delivery to customers, and other functions. We also rely on third parties to provide other products, services and parts, or otherwise to operate our business.  Our ability to monitor these third parties’ information security practices is limited, and these third parties may not have adequate information security measures in place. If the third parties with whom we work experience a security incident or other interruption, we could experience adverse consequences.  While we may be entitled to damages if      the third parties with whom we work fail to satisfy their privacy or security-related obligations to us, any award may be insufficient to cover our damages, or we may be unable to recover such award.  In addition, supply-chain attacks have increased in frequency and severity, and we cannot guarantee that third parties’ infrastructure in our supply chain or that of the third      parties with whom we work supply chains have not been compromised. If our security measures are compromised, as has occurred in the past, our reputation could be damaged; our data, information or intellectual property, or that of our customers, may be destroyed, stolen, or otherwise compromised; our business may be harmed; and we could incur significant liability. We take steps designed to detect and remediate vulnerabilities in our information systems and those of third parties with whom we work, but we may not detect or remediate all such vulnerabilities or do so in a timely manner. The threats and techniques used to exploit vulnerabilities change frequently and are often sophisticated in nature, and may be difficult to detect by security tools. Vulnerabilities could be exploited and result in a security incident.  We have limited budgetary and human resources for detecting and remediating vulnerabilities and have experienced difficulties in hiring and retaining qualified security personnel, especially after our recent restructuring actions.  We may experience delays in developing and deploying remedial measures, including patches, designed to address identified vulnerabilities, and our remedial measures may require action by our customers such as installing patches or updates, which may increase the amount of time a vulnerability remains unremediated. We have not always been able in the past and may be unable in the future to anticipate or prevent threats or techniques used to detect or exploit vulnerabilities in our information systems or third-party software, or obtain unauthorized access to or compromise our systems. In addition, security researchers and other individuals have in the past and will continue in the future to actively search for and exploit actual and potential vulnerabilities in our software or services. This activity may increase because of increased demand for our services and increased media scrutiny of our unified communications and collaboration platform, and can lead to additional adverse publicity, reputational harm, extortion threats, business and operational interruptions, security incidents, additional expenses, litigation, regulatory investigations and actions, and substantial harm to our business, some of which we have experienced. For example, in July 2019, a security researcher published a blog highlighting concerns with the Zoom Meeting platform, including certain video-on features. We were able to release updates to the software addressing these vulnerabilities, and we are not aware of any customers being affected or meetings compromised by these vulnerabilities. In most cases, customers are responsible for installing this update to the software, and their software is subject to these vulnerabilities until they do so. Additionally, in March 2020, a security researcher reported certain vulnerabilities related to our macOS version that could have allowed an unauthorized person to gain root access to a user’s system. Given the nature of our business and operations, our products and services will inevitably contain vulnerabilities or critical security defects that have not been identified or remediated and cannot be disclosed without compromising security. We have identified high or critical vulnerabilities in our products, services and information systems in the past, and we expect that we will continue to identify such vulnerabilities in the future. We cannot be certain that we will be able to address any vulnerabilities in our  products, services and information systems that we may become aware of in the future, or there may be delays in developing patches that can be effectively deployed to address vulnerabilities. 23 Table of Contents We will continue to make prioritization decisions based on, among other things, our available resources, the efficacy of our security tools, and the increasing workload to meet certain  security obligations, to determine which vulnerabilities or security defects to fix and the timing of these fixes, which could result in an exploit that compromises security. In some cases, customers are responsible for installing our software updates, and until they do so, their service remains subject to the vulnerabilities addressed in the software update. Vulnerabilities and critical security defects, errors in remediating vulnerabilities or security defects, failure of third-party providers to remediate vulnerabilities or security defects, or customers not deploying security releases or deciding not to install software updates could result in claims of liability against us, damage our reputation, or otherwise harm our business. Security incidents and vulnerabilities, and concerns regarding privacy, data protection, and information security may also prevent some of our customers and users from using or cause some of our customers and users to stop using our solutions and fail to upgrade or renew their subscriptions. Failures to meet customers’ and users’ expectations with respect to security and confidentiality of their data and information could damage our reputation and affect our ability to retain customers and users, attract new customers and users, and grow our business. In addition, cybersecurity events or security vulnerabilities could result in breaches of our agreements with customers, lawsuits against us (including class action litigation), regulatory investigations or actions, and significant increases in costs, including costs for remediating the effects of such an event or vulnerability, lost revenue due to network downtime, and a decrease in customer and user trust, increases in insurance premiums due to cybersecurity incidents, increased costs to address cybersecurity issues, and attempts to prevent future incidents, fines, penalties, judgments and settlements, and attorney fees, and harm to our business and our reputation because of any such incident. Any of the previously identified or similar threats could cause a security incident or other interruption that could result in unauthorized, unlawful, or accidental acquisition, modification, destruction, loss, alteration, encryption, disclosure of, or access to confidential, proprietary, or sensitive data or our information technology systems, or those of the third parties with whom we work. A security incident or other interruption could disrupt our ability (and that of third parties with whom we work) to provide our services. We expend significant resources or modify our business activities to try to protect against security incidents. Additionally, certain privacy, data protection, and information security obligations require us to implement and maintain certain security measures or industry-standard or reasonable security measures to protect our information technology systems and sensitive data. Many governments have enacted laws requiring companies to provide notice of data security incidents, including those recently promulgated by the SEC. These laws may also require us to take certain measures, such as providing credit monitoring to individuals. Such laws are inconsistent, compliance in the event of a widespread data breach is costly, and the disclosure or the failure to comply with such requirements could lead to adverse consequences. In addition, some of our customers require us to notify them of data security breaches. Actual or perceived security gaps or security compromises experienced in our industry or by our competitors, our customers, a third party with whom we work, or us could cause us to experience adverse consequences, such as government enforcement actions (for example, investigations, fines, penalties, audits, and inspections); additional reporting requirements and/or oversight; restrictions on processing sensitive data (including personal information); litigation (including class claims); indemnification obligations; negative publicity; reputational harm; monetary fund diversions; diversion of management attention; interruptions in our operations (including availability of data); financial loss; and other similar harms.  Security incidents and attendant consequences may cause customers to stop using our services, deter new customers from using our services, and negatively impact our ability to grow and operate our business. In addition, while more than half of our employees are based in the United States, like many similarly situated technology companies, we have a sizable number of research and development personnel outside of the United States, including in China, which has exposed and could continue to expose us to governmental and regulatory as well as market and media scrutiny regarding the actual or perceived integrity of our platform or data security and privacy features. Increased usage of our services, novel uses of our services, and additional awareness of Zoom and our brand have led and could in the future lead to greater public scrutiny of, press related to, or a negative perception of our information security and potential vulnerabilities associated with our platform. For example, during the COVID-19 pandemic, we opened our platform to unprecedented numbers of first-time users, leading to challenges for users who did not have full IT support or established protocols for security and privacy like our larger customers. As a result, we have experienced negative publicity related to meeting disruptions and security and privacy issues, including on encryption. Such unfavorable publicity and scrutiny could result in material reputational harm, a loss of customer and user confidence, increased regulatory or litigation exposure, additional expenses, and other harm to our business. There can be no assurance that any limitations of liability provisions in our subscription agreements, terms of use or other agreements would be enforceable or adequate or would otherwise protect us from any such liabilities or damages with respect to any particular claim. We also cannot be sure that our existing general liability insurance coverage and coverage for 24 Table of Contents cyber liability or errors or omissions will continue to be available on acceptable terms or will be available in sufficient amounts to cover one or more large claims or that the insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that are not covered or exceed available insurance coverage, or the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could harm our business. In addition to experiencing a security incident, third parties may gather, collect, or infer sensitive information about us from public sources, data brokers, or other means that reveals competitively sensitive details about our organization and could be used to undermine our competitive advantage or market position. Our business depends on a strong brand, and if we are not able to maintain and enhance our brand, our ability to expand our base of users will be impaired and our business will be harmed. We believe that maintaining and enhancing the Zoom brand is critical to expanding our base of customers and users and, in particular, conveying to users and the public that the Zoom brand consists of a broad communications and collaboration platform, rather than just one distinct product. For example, if users view the Zoom brand primarily as a video conferencing point solution or utility rather than as a workplace collaboration solution that connects people through video, voice, chat and content sharing, or have a negative perception of our privacy and security, then our market position may be detrimentally impacted. We anticipate that, as our market becomes increasingly competitive, maintaining and enhancing our brand may become increasingly difficult and expensive. Any unfavorable publicity or perception of our platform, including from any delays or interruptions in service due to capacity constraints stemming from increased usage, from our privacy or security features, because of sentiment towards the providers of communication and collaboration technologies generally, or from our integration of new product functionalities using technologies with heightened public interest, could adversely affect our reputation and our ability to attract and retain customers. Similarly, any unfavorable perception of our company, including due to any actual or perceived violation by our employees of our policies, such as our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, could cause us reputational harm and customer loss, impact our financial performance, expose us to litigation, and harm our business, among other things. If we fail to promote and maintain the Zoom brand, including consumer and public perception of our platform or our company, or if we incur excessive expenses in this effort, our business will be harmed. If we fail to manage our growth effectively, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be harmed. While our employee headcount both in the United States and internationally has generally increased over time, we have undertaken, and may undertake from time to time in the future, restructuring actions to better align our financial model. For example, in February 2023, we commenced certain restructuring actions, designed to reduce operating costs and continue advancing our ongoing commitment to profitable growth. These organizational changes may not achieve or sustain the targeted benefits, or the benefits, even if achieved, may not be adequate to meet our long-term profitability and operational expectations. Steps we take to manage our business operations, including workplace policies for employees, and to align our operations with our strategies for future growth, may adversely affect our reputation and brand, our ability to recruit, retain and motivate highly skilled personnel. Additionally, while we expect to continue to grow our business and operations over time, we have encountered in the past, and may encounter in the future, risks and uncertainties frequently experienced by growing companies in rapidly changing industries. Our ability to manage our growth and business operations effectively and to integrate new employees, technologies and acquisitions into our existing business will require us to continue to expend resources to support our global user-base and to retain, attract, train, motivate and manage employees. This places a continuous, significant strain on our management, operational, and financial resources. If we fail to achieve the necessary level of efficiency in our organization as it grows, or if we are not able to accurately forecast future growth, our business would be harmed. Our ability to sell subscriptions to our platform could be harmed by real or perceived material defects or errors in our platform. The software technology underlying our platform is inherently complex and may contain material defects or errors, particularly when new products are first introduced or when new features or capabilities are released. We have from time to time found defects or errors in our platform, and new defects or errors in our existing platform or new products may be detected in the future by us or our users. There can be no assurance that our existing platform and new products will not contain defects. Any real or perceived errors, failures, vulnerabilities, or bugs in our platform have in the past resulted and could in the future result in negative publicity or lead to data security, access, retention, or other performance issues, all of which could harm our business. The costs incurred in correcting such defects or errors may be substantial and could harm our business. Moreover, the harm to our reputation and legal liability related to such defects or errors may be substantial and would harm our business. 25 Table of Contents We also utilize hardware purchased or leased and software and services licensed from third parties to offer our platform. Any defects in, or unavailability of, our or third-party hardware, software, or services that cause interruptions to the availability of our services, loss of data, or performance issues could, among other things: • cause a reduction in revenue or delay in market acceptance of our platform; • require us to issue refunds to our customers or expose us to claims for damages; • cause us to lose existing customers and make it more difficult to attract new customers; • divert our development resources or require us to make extensive changes to our platform, which would increase our expenses; • increase our technical support costs; and • harm our reputation and brand. If we were to lose the services of our Chief Executive Officer or other members of our senior management team, we may not be able to execute our business strategy. Our success depends in a large part upon the continued service of key members of our senior management team. In particular, our founder, President and Chief Executive Officer, Eric S. Yuan, is critical to our overall management, as well as the continued development of our products, services, the Zoom platform, our culture, our strategic direction, engineering, and our global operations, including regions such as the United States, Europe, Middle East, and Africa (“EMEA”), and Asia Pacific (“APAC”). All of our executive officers are at-will employees, and we do not maintain any key person life insurance policies. Any changes in our senior management team in particular, even in the ordinary course of business may be disruptive to our business. Such changes may result in a loss of institutional knowledge and cause disruptions to our business. If our senior management team fails to work together effectively or execute our plans and strategies on a timely basis as a result of management turnover or otherwise, our business could be harmed. The failure to attract and retain additional qualified personnel or to maintain our happiness-centric company culture could harm our business and culture and prevent us from executing our business strategy. To execute our business strategy, we must attract and retain highly qualified personnel. Competition for executives, software developers, sales personnel, and other key employees in our industry is intense. In particular, we compete with many other companies for software developers with high levels of experience in designing, developing, and managing software for communication and collaboration technologies, as well as for skilled sales and operations professionals. At times, we have experienced, and we may continue to experience, difficulty in hiring and retaining employees with appropriate qualifications, and we may not be able to fill positions in a timely manner or at all, which may be exacerbated by our recent restructuring actions and any similar future actions. In addition, our recruiting personnel, methodology, and approach may need to be altered to address a changing candidate pool and profile. We may not be able to identify or implement such changes in a timely manner. In addition, we have experienced and may continue to experience employee turnover as a result of our recent restructuring actions. New hires require training and take time before they achieve full productivity. New employees may not become as productive as we expect, and we may be unable to hire or retain sufficient numbers of qualified individuals. If we fail to attract new personnel or fail to retain and motivate our current personnel, our business could be harmed. Many of the companies with which we compete for experienced personnel have greater resources than we have, and some of these companies may offer more attractive compensation packages. Particularly in the San Francisco Bay Area, job candidates and existing employees carefully consider the value of the equity awards they receive in connection with their employment. If the perceived value of our equity awards declines, or if the mix of equity and cash compensation that we offer is unattractive, it may adversely affect our ability to recruit and retain highly skilled employees. Job candidates may also be threatened with legal action under agreements with their existing employers if we attempt to hire them, which could impact hiring and result in a diversion of our time and resources. Additionally, laws and regulations, such as restrictive immigration laws, may limit our ability to recruit internationally. We must also continue to retain and motivate existing employees through our compensation practices, company culture, and career development opportunities. If we fail to attract new personnel or to retain our current personnel, our business would be harmed. We believe that a critical component to our success and our ability to retain our best people is our culture. As we continue to grow, we may find it difficult to maintain our happiness-centric company culture. Transparency is also an important part of our culture, and one that we practice every day. As we continue to grow, maintaining this culture of transparency will present its own challenges that we will need to address, including the type of information and level of detail that we share with our employees. 26 Table of Contents In addition, as our stock price has fluctuated since our initial public offering (“IPO”), employees joining us at different times could have significant disparities in proceeds from sales of our equity in the public markets, which could create disparities in wealth among our employees, which may harm our culture and relations among employees and our business. Further, the volatility of our stock price may make our equity compensation less attractive to current and potential employees, and could contribute to increased turnover or difficulties in hiring. We have significant and expanding operations outside the United States, which may subject us to increased business, regulatory and economic risks that could harm our business. Our platform addresses the communications and collaboration needs of users worldwide, and we see international expansion as a major opportunity. Our revenue from APAC and EMEA collectively represented 27.9%, 28.2%, and 28.7% of our revenue for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2026, 2025, and 2024, respectively. Our customers include multinational corporations with global users, and we expect to continue to expand our international operations, which includes opening offices in new jurisdictions and providing our platform in additional languages to support the needs of these multinational corporations. Any new markets or countries into which we attempt to allow users to access our services or sell subscriptions to our platform may not be receptive. If we are not able to satisfy certain government- and industry-specific requirements, we have in the past and may in the future experience service outages or other adverse consequences, including interference with our local operations or restrictions on our ability to continue our operations in certain jurisdictions, that would impair our ability to operate or expand further into certain markets. As an example, if local or national Chinese government agencies interfered with or placed restrictions on our research and development operations in China, our ability to design new products, features, and functionality on a timely basis or at all, or our ability to effectively deliver our services, would be adversely impacted as a significant portion of our research and development organization resides in China. In addition, our ability to manage our business and conduct our operations internationally in the future requires considerable management attention and resources and is subject to the particular challenges of supporting a rapidly growing business in an environment of multiple languages, cultures, customs, legal and regulatory systems, alternative dispute systems, and commercial markets. Future international expansion will require investment of significant funds and other resources. We also face risks related to recruiting and retaining talented and capable employees outside the United States, including complying with complex employment- and compensation-related laws, regulations, and practices in these international jurisdictions, and maintaining our company culture across all of our offices. We may also be unable to grant equity compensation to employees in certain countries outside of the United States due to the complexities of local laws and regulations. This may require us to offer equally compelling alternatives to supplement our compensation, such as long-term cash compensation plans or increased short-term cash compensation, in order to continue to attract and retain employees in these jurisdictions. Operating internationally subjects us to new risks and increases risks that we currently face, including risks associated with: • providing our platform and operating our business across a significant distance, in different languages and among different cultures, including the potential need to modify our platform and features to ensure that they are culturally appropriate and relevant in different countries; • compliance with applicable international laws and regulations, including laws and regulations with respect to privacy, information security, telecommunications requirements, data protection, consumer protection, automatic renewals, and unsolicited email, and the risk of penalties to us and individual members of management or employees if our practices are deemed to be out of compliance; • operating in foreign jurisdictions where the government may impede or interrupt our ability to provide our services or develop new products, features, and functionality; • management of an employee base in jurisdictions that may not give us the same employment and retention flexibility as the United States; • operating in jurisdictions that do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the United States and the practical enforcement of such intellectual property rights outside of the United States; • foreign government interference with our intellectual property that resides outside of the United States, such as the risk of changes in foreign laws that could restrict our ability to use our intellectual property outside of the foreign jurisdiction in which we developed it; • integration with partners outside of the United States; • compliance by us and our business partners with anti-corruption laws, import and export control laws, tariffs, trade barriers, economic sanctions, and other regulatory limitations on our ability to provide our platform in certain international markets; 27 Table of Contents • foreign exchange controls that might require significant lead time in setting up operations in certain geographic territories and might prevent us from repatriating cash earned outside the United States; • political and economic instability and other political tensions between countries in which we do business; • changes in diplomatic and trade relationships, including the continuing deterioration in diplomatic relations between the United States and China, or deterioration in diplomatic relations between the United States and countries with which the United States has traditionally enjoyed close ties and alliances, and ongoing military conflicts; • generally longer payment cycles and greater difficulty in collecting accounts receivable, a risk that may increase as a result of recent macroeconomic conditions, such as high inflation, recessionary environments, recent bank failures and related uncertainties, and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, weighing on our customers' ability to pay for our service on a timely basis; • double taxation of our international earnings and potentially adverse tax consequences due to changes in the income and other tax laws of the United States or the international jurisdictions in which we operate, including the imposition of digital services taxes; and • higher costs of doing business internationally, including increased accounting, travel, infrastructure, and legal compliance costs. As described above, following Russia’s military invasion of Ukraine in February 2022, the United States, European Union, and other nations announced various sanctions against Russia and export restrictions against Russia and Belarus.  Such restrictions include blocking sanctions on some of the largest state-owned and private Russian financial institutions, and their removal from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication, or the SWIFT, payment system. The invasion of Ukraine and the retaliatory measures that have been taken, and could be taken in future, by the United States, NATO, and other countries have created global security concerns that could result in a regional conflict and otherwise have a lasting impact on regional and global economies, any or all of which could adversely affect our business, including preventing us from performing existing contracts, pursuing new business opportunities, or receiving payments for services already provided to customers. Compliance with laws and regulations applicable to our global operations substantially increases our cost of doing business in international jurisdictions. We may be unable to keep current with changes in laws and regulations as they occur. Although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to support compliance with these laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that we will always maintain compliance or that all of our employees, contractors, partners, and agents will comply. In addition, legal requirements in the United States and other countries may come into conflict with each other making it challenging or impossible to comply with both countries’ legal requirements simultaneously. Any violations could result in enforcement actions, fines, civil and criminal penalties, damages, injunctions, or reputational harm. If we are unable to comply with these laws and regulations or manage the complexity of our global operations successfully, we may need to relocate or cease operations in certain foreign jurisdictions. We are subject to various U.S. and international anti-corruption laws, and any failure to comply with such laws could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We are subject to various U.S. and international anti-corruption laws, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended (the “FCPA”), and the U.K. Bribery Act 2010, as well as other similar anti-bribery and anti-kickback laws and regulations. These laws and regulations generally prohibit companies and their employees and intermediaries, from directly or indirectly authorizing, offering, or providing improper payments or benefits to government officials and other recipients for improper purposes. The FCPA also requires public companies to make and keep books and records that accurately and fairly reflect the transactions of the corporation and to devise and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls. Although we take precautions to prevent violations of anti-corruption laws, our exposure for violating these laws increases as we continue to expand our international presence, and any failure to comply with such laws could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Geopolitical tension between the United States and China, or between other economies, such as Taiwan, and China, may intensify and lead to increased scrutiny of our business operations in China. We have a significant number of employees, primarily engineers, in China, where personnel costs are less expensive than in many other geographies. The number or proportion of our employees in China has fluctuated in the past and may fluctuate in the future due to a number of factors, including macroeconomic changes and internal restructuring. Geopolitical and national security tensions between the United States and China, or between other countries and China, have in the past, currently do and could in the future lead to increased scrutiny of our business operations in China and a negative perception among current and potential customers regarding our collection, use, storage, disclosure, and processing of personal information, and our privacy policies, any of which may harm our reputation and business. Additionally, we may face certain adverse consequences, as a 28 Table of Contents result of geopolitical and national security tensions between the United States and China, including interference with, or restrictions on, our local operations that would impair our ability to operate in China. As an example, if local or national Chinese government agencies interfered with or placed restrictions on our research and development operations in China, our ability to design new products, features, and functionality on a timely basis or at all, or our ability to effectively deliver our service, would be adversely impacted as a significant portion of our research and development organization resides in China. In June and July 2020, we received subpoenas from the Department of Justice’s U.S. Attorney’s Office for the Eastern District of New York (“EDNY”) and the Department of Justice’s U.S. Attorney’s Office for the Northern District of California (“NDCA”). The EDNY and NDCA subpoenas requested information about (among other things) our interactions with foreign governments and/or foreign political parties, including the Chinese government, as well as about storage of and access to user data, including the use of servers based overseas. In addition, the EDNY subpoena requested information about the actions we took responding to law enforcement requests from the Chinese government. The NDCA subpoena also requested documents and information about (among other things) contacts between our employees and representatives of the Chinese government, and any attempted or successful influence by any foreign government in our policies, procedures, practices, and actions as they relate to users in the United States. We are fully cooperating with these investigations and have conducted our own thorough internal investigation. These investigations are ongoing, and we do not know when they will be completed, which facts we will ultimately discover as a result of the investigations, or what actions the government may or may not take. We cannot predict the outcome of these investigations, and a negative outcome in any or all of these matters could cause us to incur substantial fines, penalties, or other financial exposure, as well as material reputational harm, a loss of customer and user confidence and business, additional expenses, and other harm to our business. We recognize revenue from subscriptions to our platform over the terms of these subscriptions. Consequently, increases or decreases in new sales may not be immediately reflected in our results of operations and may be difficult to discern. We recognize revenue from subscriptions to our platform over the terms of these subscriptions. As a result, a portion of the revenue we report in each quarter is derived from the recognition of deferred revenue relating to subscriptions entered into during previous quarters. Consequently, a decline in new or renewed subscriptions in any single quarter may have an immaterial impact on the revenue that we recognize for that quarter. However, such a decline will negatively affect our revenue in future quarters. Accordingly, the effect of significant downturns in sales and potential changes in our pricing policies or rate of customer expansion or retention may not be fully reflected in our results of operations until future periods. In addition, a significant portion of our costs is expensed as incurred, while revenue is recognized over the term of the subscription. As a result, growth in the number of new customers and users could continue to result in our recognition of higher costs and lower revenue in the earlier periods of our subscriptions. Finally, our subscription-based revenue model also makes it difficult for us to rapidly increase our revenue through additional sales in any period, as revenue from new customers or from existing customers who increase their use of our platform or upgrade to a higher-priced plan must be recognized over the applicable subscription term. Any failure to offer high-quality support for our customers and users may harm our relationships with our customers and users and, consequently, our business. Increased user demand for support may result in increased costs that may harm our results of operations. For example, during the COVID-19 pandemic we saw surging demand requiring us to allocate additional resources to support our expanded customer and user base, including many who were using our platform for the first time, placing additional pressure on our support organization. In addition, as we continue to support our global user base, we need to be able to continue to provide efficient support that meets our customers and users’ needs globally at scale. If we are unable to provide efficient user support globally at scale or if we need to hire additional support personnel, our business may be harmed. Our new customer sign-ups are highly dependent on our business reputation and on recommendations from our existing customers and users. Any failure to maintain high-quality support, or a market perception that we do not maintain high-quality support for our customers and users, would harm our business. We utilize our network of resellers to sell our products and services, and our failure to effectively develop, manage, and maintain our indirect sales channels would harm our business. Our future success depends on our continued ability to establish and maintain a network of channel relationships, and we expect that we will need to maintain and expand our network as we expand into international markets. A small portion of our revenue is derived from our network of sales agents and resellers, which we refer to collectively as resellers, many of which sell or may in the future decide to sell their own products and services or services from other communications solutions providers. Loss of or reduction in sales through these third parties could reduce our revenue. Our competitors may in some cases be effective in causing our resellers or potential resellers to favor their products and services or prevent or reduce sales of our products and services. Recruiting and retaining qualified resellers in our network and training them in our technology, product 29 Table of Contents offerings and processes requires significant time and resources. For resellers in certain emerging markets, we may be unable to effectively oversee and quality-check certain processes, such as customer due diligence, which has and may continue to impact such resellers’ ability to implement robust customer verification protocols and mitigate fraud risk. If we decide to further develop and expand our indirect sales channels, we must continue to scale and improve our processes and procedures to support these channels, including investment in systems and training. Many resellers may not be willing to invest the time and resources required to train their staff to effectively sell our platform. If we fail to maintain relationships with our resellers, develop relationships with new resellers in new markets, expand the number of resellers in existing markets, or  manage, train, or provide appropriate incentives to our existing resellers, our ability to increase the number of new customers and increase sales to existing customers could be adversely impacted, which would harm our business. Our results of operations, which are reported in U.S. dollars, could be adversely affected if currency exchange rates fluctuate substantially in the future. We sell to customers globally and have international operations primarily in Australia, China, and the U.K. As we continue to expand our international operations, we will become more exposed to the effects of fluctuations in currency exchange rates. Although the majority of our cash generated from revenue is denominated in U.S. dollars, a portion of our revenue is denominated in foreign currencies, and our expenses are generally denominated in the currencies of the jurisdictions in which we conduct our operations. For the fiscal years ended January 31, 2026, 2025, and 2024, 19.7%, 19.3%, and 19.3% of our revenue, respectively, and 21.7%, 16.4%, and 13.7% of our expenses, respectively, were denominated in currencies other than U.S. dollars. Because we conduct business in currencies other than U.S. dollars but report our results of operations in U.S. dollars, we also face remeasurement exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could hinder our ability to predict our future results and earnings and could materially impact our results of operations. For example, for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2026, our total revenue was lower than anticipated in part due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar. We do not currently maintain a program to hedge exposures to non-U.S. dollar currencies. Our sales to government entities and other government contractors are subject to a number of additional challenges and risks. We expect to continue selling our products and services to U.S. federal and state and foreign governmental agency customers, which may occur through sales to other companies that resell our services to government customers and/or through direct sales to government entities. While we are a U.S. Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program (“FedRAMP”) authorized SaaS service, selling to government entities and other government contractors presents a number of unique challenges and risks including the following: • selling to governmental entities can be more competitive, expensive, and time-consuming than selling to private entities, often requiring significant up-front time and expense and ongoing compliance costs without any assurance that these efforts will generate a sale; • contracts with governmental entities are subject to termination for the convenience of the customer; • government certification requirements may change, or we may be unable to achieve or sustain one or more government certifications, including FedRAMP, which may restrict our ability to sell into the government sector until we have attained such certificates; • contracts with governmental entities and other government contractors, including resellers in the government market,  contain terms that are less favorable than what we generally agree to in our standard agreements, including, terms and conditions required by regulation that are not negotiable with the customer; • non-compliance with terms and conditions of government contracts, or with representations or certifications made in connection with government contracts, can result in significantly more adverse consequences than we typically would expect in the commercial market, including, depending on the circumstances, criminal liability, liability under the civil False Claims Act, and/or suspension or debarment from doing business with governmental entities; • as a U.S. government contractor, we may be subject to executive orders and regulatory changes affecting various aspects of our operations, including compliance with nondiscrimination plans, and any required elimination or modification of such plans in response to new executive orders could pose challenges in hiring or retaining employees and may lead to other adverse operational impacts, while failure to comply with these requirements could expose us to administrative, civil, or criminal liabilities, including fines, penalties, repayments or suspension or debarment from eligibility for future U.S. government contracts; and • government demand and payment for our products may be influenced, among other things, by public sector budgetary cycles and funding authorizations, with funding reductions or delays having an adverse impact on public sector demand for our products. 30 Table of Contents To the extent that we become more reliant on contracts with government entities and/or other government contractors in the future, our exposure to such risks and challenges could increase, which in turn could adversely impact our business. Additionally, foreign government initiatives intended to reduce reliance on non-domestic technology may cause foreign governmental agency customers to stop using our solutions,  decrease the profitability of sales to such customers, or make it less likely that we are able to sell our solutions to other foreign governmental agencies. In May 2021, the Biden Administration issued an Executive Order requiring federal agencies to implement additional information technology security measures, including, among other things, requiring agencies to adopt multifactor authentication and encryption for data at rest and in transit to the maximum extent consistent with Federal records laws and other applicable laws. The Executive Order will lead to the development of secure software development practices and/or criteria for a consumer software labeling program, which will reflect a baseline level of secure practices, for software that is developed and sold to the U.S. federal government.  Software developers will be required to provide visibility into their software and make security data publicly available. Due to this Executive Order, federal agencies may require us to modify our cybersecurity practices and policies, thereby increasing our compliance costs.  If we are unable to meet the requirements of the Executive Order, our ability to work with the U.S. government may be impaired and may result in a loss of revenue. In January 2025, the current administration began issuing Executive Orders identifying new government policy and directing U.S. federal agencies to evaluate their current actions, including certain spending, to ensure that such actions are consistent with new Administration priorities.  Some of those Executive Orders are the subjects of pending litigation, and there remains significant uncertainty about the ways in which agencies will implement the new Executive Orders. Such implementation could negatively affect our current and future business with U.S. government agencies. Our current platform, as well as products, features, and functionality that we may introduce in the future, may not be widely accepted by our customers and users or may receive negative attention or may require us to compensate or reimburse third parties, any of which may lower our margins and harm our business. Our ability to engage, retain, and increase our base of customers and users and to increase our revenue will depend on our ability to successfully create new products, features, and functionality, both independently and together with third parties. We may introduce significant changes to our existing platform or develop and introduce new and unproven products, including technologies with which we have little or no prior development or operating experience. These new products and updates may not perform as expected, have attracted and may in the future attract negative attention if they involve technologies with heightened public interest, may fail to engage, retain, and increase our base of customers and users or may create lag in adoption of such new products. New products may initially suffer from performance and quality issues that may negatively impact our ability to market and sell such products to new and existing customers. The short- and long-term impact of any major change to our products, or the introduction of new products, is particularly difficult to predict. If new or enhanced products, including those incorporating AI features, fail to engage, retain, and increase our base of customers, or do not perform as expected, we may fail to generate sufficient revenue, operating margin, or other value to justify our investments in such products, any of which may harm our business in the short term, long term, or both. In addition, our current platform, as well as products, features, and functionality that we may introduce in the future, may require us to compensate or reimburse third parties. For example, our cloud phone system, Zoom Phone, is a PBX phone solution that requires us to compensate carriers that operate the PSTN. As a result, a portion of the payments that we will receive from customers who will use our Zoom Phone product will be allocated towards compensating these telephone carriers, which lowers our margins for Zoom Phone as compared to our other products. In addition, new products that we introduce in the future may similarly require us to compensate or reimburse third parties, all of which would lower our profit margins for any such new products. If this trend continues with our new and existing products, including Zoom Phone, it could harm our business. If we experience excessive fraudulent activity or cannot meet evolving credit card association merchant standards, we could incur substantial costs and lose the right to accept credit cards for payment, which could cause our customer and paid user base to decline significantly. A large portion of our customers authorize us to bill their credit card accounts directly for our products. If customers pay for their subscriptions with stolen credit cards, we could incur substantial third-party vendor costs for which we may not be reimbursed. Further, our customers provide us with credit card billing information online or over the phone, and we do not review the physical credit cards used in these transactions, which increases our risk of exposure to fraudulent activity. We also incur charges, which we refer to as chargebacks, from the credit card companies for claims that the customer did not authorize the credit card transaction for our products, something that we have experienced in the past. If the number of claims of unauthorized credit card transactions becomes excessive, we could be assessed substantial fines for excess chargebacks, and we could lose the right to accept credit cards for payment. In addition, credit card issuers may change merchant standards, including data protection and documentation standards, required to utilize their services from time to time. If we fail to maintain compliance with current merchant standards or fail to meet new standards, the credit card associations could fine us or 31 Table of Contents terminate their agreements with us, and we would be unable to accept credit cards as payment for our products. Our products may also be subject to fraudulent usage and schemes, including third parties accessing customer accounts or viewing and recording data from our communications solutions. These fraudulent activities can result in unauthorized access to customer accounts and data, unauthorized use of our products, and charges and expenses to customers for fraudulent usage. We may be required to pay for these charges and expenses with no reimbursement from the customer, and our reputation may be harmed if our products are subject to fraudulent usage. Although we implement multiple fraud prevention and detection controls, we cannot assure you that these controls will be adequate to protect against fraud. Substantial losses due to fraud or our inability to accept credit card payments would cause our customer base to significantly decrease and would harm our business. We may have exposure to greater than anticipated tax liabilities, which could harm our business. We are subject to income taxes in the United States and various jurisdictions outside of the United States. Our effective tax rate could fluctuate due to changes in the proportion of our earnings and losses in countries with differing statutory tax rates. Our tax expense could also be impacted by changes in non-deductible expenses; changes in tax benefits of stock-based compensation expense; changes in the valuation of, or our ability to use, deferred tax assets; the applicability of withholding taxes; and effects from acquisitions. The provision for taxes on our consolidated financial statements could also be impacted by changes in accounting principles, changes in U.S. federal, state, or foreign tax laws applicable to corporate multinationals, other fundamental changes in tax law currently being considered by many countries, and changes in taxing jurisdictions’ administrative interpretations, decisions, policies, and positions. In addition, we are subject to review and audit by U.S. federal, state, local, and foreign tax authorities. Such tax authorities may disagree with tax positions we take, and if any such tax authority were to successfully challenge any such position, our business could be adversely impacted. While the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (“OBBBA”) did not result in our being subject to the Corporate Alternative Minimum Tax (“CAMT”) for the current year, future changes in our financial results, business operations, or the interpretation and application of OBBBA provisions could cause us to become subject to CAMT in subsequent periods, which may materially increase our effective tax rate. In addition, on February 18, 2026, the U.S. Department of the Treasury and the Internal Revenue Service released guidance addressing adjustments to adjusted financial statement income (AFSI) under CAMT related to domestic research and development expenditures capitalized under Section 174. We believe the guidance is intended to mitigate certain book-tax timing differences associated with the capitalization and amortization of domestic research and development expenditures. Although the guidance does not impact the current fiscal year, it could affect our CAMT calculations in future periods, and we are evaluating its potential impact. We may also be subject to additional tax liabilities due to changes in non-income-based taxes resulting from changes in U.S. federal, state, local, or foreign tax laws; changes in taxing jurisdictions’ administrative interpretations, decisions, policies, and positions; results of tax examinations, settlements, or judicial decisions; changes in accounting principles, changes to our business operations, including acquisitions; as well as the evaluation of new information that results in a change to a tax position taken in a prior period. Further, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (“OECD”) and the Inclusive Framework of G20 and other countries have issued proposals related to the taxation of the digital economy. In addition, several countries have proposed or enacted Digital Services Taxes (“DST”), many of which would apply to revenue derived from certain digital services. Future developments related to such proposals, in particular any unilateral actions outside of the OECD's Inclusive Framework such as the imposition of DST rules, could have an adverse impact on our business by increasing our future tax obligations. The OECD has also been working on a Base Erosion and Profits Shifting project that, upon implementation, would change various aspects of the existing framework under which our tax obligations are determined in many of the countries in which we operate. In this regard, the OECD has proposed policies aiming to modernize global tax systems, including a country-by-country 15% minimum effective tax rate (“Pillar Two”) for multinational companies. Numerous countries have enacted, or are in the process of enacting, legislation to implement the Pillar Two model rules with a subset of the rules having become effective during our fiscal year ended January 31, 2025, and the remaining rules becoming effective for our fiscal year ending January 31, 2026, or in later periods. Further, on June 28, 2025, the G7 released a joint statement that it had reached an understanding to modify the approach to Pillar Two, aiming to simplify administration of the rules. On January 5, 2026, the OECD issued administrative guidance outlining a framework under which U.S.-parented groups may be excluded from the application of the OECD’s global minimum tax rules. Each member jurisdiction will need to adopt this guidance into local law, and the timing and manner of adoption may vary. As these rules continue to evolve with new legislation and guidance, we will continue to monitor and account for the enactment of Pillar Two rules in the countries where we operate, and the potential impacts such rules may have on our effective tax rate and cash flows in future years. We have acquired and may continue to acquire other businesses or receive offers to be acquired, which could require significant management attention, disrupt our business, or dilute stockholder value. 32 Table of Contents We have made and may continue in the future to make acquisitions of other companies, products, and technologies. We have limited experience in acquisitions. We may not be able to find suitable acquisition candidates and we may not be able to complete acquisitions on favorable terms, if at all, due to, among other things, possible delays and challenges in obtaining regulatory approvals. If we do complete acquisitions, we may not ultimately strengthen our competitive position or achieve our goals, and any acquisitions we complete could be viewed negatively by users, developers, or investors. In addition, we may not be able to integrate acquired businesses successfully or effectively manage the combined company following an acquisition. If we fail to successfully integrate our acquisitions, or the people or technologies associated with those acquisitions, into our company, the results of operations of the combined company could be adversely affected. The process of acquiring a business, including any integration efforts, requires significant time and resources, requires significant attention from management, and can disrupt the ordinary functioning of our business, and we may not be able to manage the process successfully, which could harm our business. In addition, we may not successfully evaluate or utilize the acquired technology and accurately forecast the financial impact of an acquisition transaction, including accounting charges. We may have to pay cash, incur debt, or issue equity securities to pay for any such acquisition, each of which could affect our financial condition or the value of our capital stock. The sale of equity to finance any such acquisitions could result in dilution to our stockholders. If we incur more debt, it would result in increased fixed obligations and could also subject us to covenants or other restrictions that would impede our ability to flexibly operate our business. We have a limited operating history at the current scale of our business, which makes it difficult to evaluate our prospects and future results of operations. During fiscal year 2021, we experienced rapid growth in usage of our unified communications and collaboration platform largely due to the COVID-19 pandemic. This usage dramatically changed the scale of our business, and we have a limited operating history at the current scale of our business. As a result, our ability to forecast our future results of operations is limited and subject to a number of uncertainties, including our ability to plan for and model future growth and expenses. Our historical revenue growth should not be considered indicative of our future performance. Further, in future periods, our revenue growth could continue to slow or our revenue could decline for a number of reasons, including any reduction in demand for our platform; increased competition; contraction of our overall market; our inability to accurately forecast demand for our platform and plan for capacity constraints; or our failure, for any reason, to capitalize on growth opportunities or to adapt and respond to inflationary factors affecting our business or future economic recession. Additionally, the shifts to remote and hybrid work, have limited our ability to forecast revenue, costs, and expenses due to the uncertainty around how companies choose to operate in the future, including the impacts of a remote and hybrid workplace. We have encountered and will encounter risks and uncertainties frequently experienced by growing companies in rapidly changing industries, such as the risks and uncertainties described herein. If our assumptions regarding these risks and uncertainties, which we use to plan our business, are incorrect or change, or if we do not address these risks successfully, our business would be harmed. We rely on data from tools to calculate certain of our key business metrics. Real or perceived inaccuracies in such metrics may harm our reputation and negatively affect our business. We track our key business metrics with tools that are not independently verified by any third party. Our tools have limitations, and our methodologies for tracking these metrics may change over time, which could result in unexpected changes to our performance metrics, including the key metrics we report. If the tools we use to track these metrics over- or undercount performance or contain errors, the data we report may not be accurate and our understanding of certain details of our business may be distorted, which could affect our longer-term strategies. We are continually seeking to improve our ability to measure our key business metrics, and regularly review our processes to assess potential improvements. Risks Related to Laws and Regulations The actual or perceived failure by us, our customers, partners or

--- VENDORS ---
vendors to comply with stringent and evolving laws and regulations, industry standards, policies, and contractual obligations relating to privacy, data protection, information security laws, and other matters could harm, and has in the past harmed, our reputation and business or subject us to significant fines and liability. • If we were to lose the services of our Chief Executive Officer or other members of our senior management team, we may not be able to execute our business strategy. • We have significant and expanding operations outside the United States, which may subject us to increased business, regulatory, and economic risks that could harm our business. • We may be subject to, or respond to requests from law enforcement in connection with enforcement of, a variety of U.S. and international laws that could result in claims, increase the cost of operations, or otherwise harm our business due to changes in the laws, changes in the interpretations of the laws, greater enforcement of the laws, or investigations into compliance with the laws. • A number of our products, including Zoom Phone, are subject to U.S. federal and international regulation, and other products we may introduce in the future may also be subject to U.S. federal, state, or international laws, rules, and 4 Table of Contents regulations. Failure to comply with such laws, rules, and regulations could harm our business and expose us to liability. • We use generative artificial intelligence (“AI”) in our products and services, which may result in operational challenges, legal liability, reputational concerns, competitive risks and regulatory concerns that could adversely affect our business and results of operations. • The dual class structure of our common stock, as contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, has the effect of concentrating voting control with those stockholders who held our stock prior to our initial public offering, including our executive officers, employees, and directors and their affiliates, limiting your ability to influence corporate matters. If we are unable to adequately address these and other risks we face, our business may be harmed. 5 Table of Contents PART I Item 1. BUSINESS Overview Zoom is redefining modern work as a system of action, turning live collaboration into completed results. From entrepreneurs to global enterprises, customers choose Zoom to seamlessly collaborate, communicate, and drive outcomes across meetings, chat, phone, contact center, events, and more — all with the built-in assistance of Zoom AI Companion. Our mission to deliver happiness, grounded in our core value of care, is fundamental to everything we do at Zoom. Our platform bridges work both inside and outside the organization by integrating AI capabilities across employee collaboration and customer-facing workflows, enabling seamless communication, collaboration, and engagement through Zoom Workplace and Zoom Business Services. Zoom Workplace with AI Companion brings together Zoom’s core communication and productivity tools—including Zoom Meetings, Zoom Phone, Zoom Team Chat, Zoom Docs, and Zoom Whiteboard—to support collaboration across organizations of varying sizes. Zoom’s Business Services for sales, marketing, and customer experience teams, including Zoom Contact Center, Zoom Revenue Accelerator, and Zoom Events, support customer engagement across the the customer lifecycle. Trust is a cornerstone of the Zoom platform. We equip users with a comprehensive set of tools to make their interactions safe, secure, and private. We believe that strong security should never compromise a great user experience. Businesses of all sizes and individuals alike choose Zoom over other industry players for several reasons: • We care for customers at Zoom speed: Zoom puts customers first and is committed to providing a platform and products that people love. Zoom listens to its customers and puts innovation in customers' hands quickly to serve their needs. • AI-first: Zoom’s mission is to deliver an AI-first work platform for human connection. This AI-first approach to Zoom Workplace and Zoom Business Services is designed to empower individuals and teams to free up time and focus on what matters most: engaging, connecting, and delivering creative and insightful work, all within a single unified platform. • Enterprise readiness: Zoom is built to meet the needs of enterprises, with robust reliability, security, compliance, and privacy capabilities and policies. • Designed for flexible work: Zoom is a platform designed for flexible communication and today’s flexible work needs. • Zoom just works: Ease of use is a core design principle, along with quality and reliability. • Cost-effective and value-focused: The total cost of ownership of the Zoom platform, encompassing both employee and customer experiences, is less than that of our competitors. • Open platform that enables customer choice: The Zoom developer ecosystem enables customers to choose the apps and integrations they prefer. Zoom offers more than 3,100 apps on the Zoom App Marketplace and integrations with key software vendors, such as Microsoft and Google. We’re on a mission to reimagine the way the world communicates and collaborates. Zoom brings employee and customer experiences together into a single, AI-first, open platform that people love to use. Flagship products like Zoom Meetings, Zoom Phone, Zoom Team Chat, and Zoom AI Companion, are among the core products on the platform that are critical to business communication and collaboration needs. We strive to continue building a platform that helps people work smarter, be more engaged with work, and better connect with each other. AI has been core to Zoom’s product DNA for many years, grounded in our conviction that AI can make work more human by strengthening collaboration, productivity, and inclusivity. In fiscal year 2026, Zoom continued to invest in AI, focusing on three key areas: supporting individual productivity, powering better collaboration, and helping customer-facing teams deliver meaningful business value to delight their customers. In September 2023, we launched Zoom AI Companion, our smart assistant that is designed to empower workers to increase productivity, improve team effectiveness, and enhance skills. Additionally, we introduced our federated approach to AI, which enables the use of multiple large language models (“LLMs”), including Zoom’s own, to complete each task for users. Zoom’s federated approach allows its tech stack to dynamically select from multiple AI models, including those from OpenAI, Anthropic, and NVIDIA, making AI accessible and affordable so that more people can incorporate it in their day-to-day workflows. With these advancements in AI Companion and our broader AI strategy, we believe we’re well-positioned as AI technology continues to evolve. We are evolving agentic AI capabilities within AI Companion that will continue to deliver practical value to customers while building on our ambitious vision of AI that truly amplifies human potential for our 6 Table of Contents customers. In line with our commitment to responsible AI, Zoom does not use customer audio, video, chat, screen sharing, attachments, or other communications (such as poll results, whiteboard, and reactions) to train Zoom’s or third-party AI models. Zoom continues to be at the center of flexible work. Our continued product innovation is laser-focused on supporting a flexible work environment, with new innovations in areas such as document collaboration, hybrid workspaces, and employee communication. Additionally, our employee experience platform, Workvivo, deepens our commitment to creating a platform that is focused on connecting and engaging employees. Unlike most Contact Center as a Service (“CCaaS”) solutions that are only optimized for voice, Zoom Contact Center is an omnichannel cloud contact center platform that is optimized for video and intentionally supports a robust suite of channels, such as voice and video, SMS, and webchat. The result is a one-stop shop designed for customer experience leaders to deliver excellence to their customers and to strengthen workforce engagement. The happiness we deliver is recognized by our customers. Zoom has consistently earned high scores across customer review sites, Gartner Peer Insights, TrustRadius, and G2, including being recognized as a Customers’ Choice in the Gartner Peer Insights “Voice of the Customer” for Unified Communications as a Service (“UCaaS”) and Visual Collaboration Applications for three consecutive years, and a Leader badge for Zoom Contact Center by G2. Industry analysts also recognize our market leadership across our platform and products: Gartner has named Zoom a leader in the Magic Quadrant for UCaaS for the sixth year in a row, and Workvivo was named a leader in the Magic Quadrant for Intranet Packaged Solutions. In addition, Zoom Contact Center was recognized in the 2025 Gartner Magic Quadrant for Contact Center as a Service, representing a key milestone in the growth of our customer experience offerings. Forrester published its Forrester Wave for Conversational Intelligence, where Zoom Revenue Accelerator debuted as a “Strong” player. IDC named Zoom Events as a leader in its IDC MarketScape for Worldwide Virtual Events Applications. Zoom Workplace was included in Fast Company’s 2025 Most Innovative Companies list, named a recipient of 2026 Fortune Most Admired Companies, awarded a Newsweek AI Impact award for Zoom AI Companion, a Tech Ascension award for AI-powered Enterprise Solution of the Year, as well as Most Innovative Product (for AI Companion), Best Unified Communications Platform (for Zoom Workplace), Best UCaaS Provider AMERICAS, and Best Contact Center Solution from UC Today’s 2025 awards. Our Growth Strategy We focus on the following elements of our strategy to drive our growth, centered on elevating the workplace with AI, driving growth of new AI products, and scaling an AI-first customer experience: • Keep our existing customers happy. We deliver happiness to our customers by providing them with an AI-first collaboration experience that drives meaningful business value with a growing set of AI features that are deeply woven across the platform and include meeting summaries, task suggestions, knowledge retrieval, insights, and more. We respond to customer needs with action to drive positive user experiences. We believe these practices result in our high scores across customer review sites and will continue to generate referrals from our existing customers, providing meaningful viral adoption for the foreseeable future. • Drive new customer acquisition. Our platform is designed to make collaboration seamless and easy, and allow our users to accomplish more through leveraging our AI features for automated insights, meeting support, and more. By attracting free users to our platform, we promote usage that allows them and their meeting attendees to experience the Zoom difference. We complement this lead-generation model with our multipronged go-to-market strategy that integrates the viral enthusiasm for our platform with optimal routes to market, including direct sales representatives, online channels, resellers, and strategic partners. This approach is designed to allow us to cost-effectively drive upgrades to our paid offering and expansion within organizations of all sizes and verticals. • Drive continuous innovation across our platform. Our engineers aim to stay on the cutting edge of communication, collaboration, and AI technologies that enhance productivity and streamline workflows. We strive to deliver the best experience to our users by dedicating a portion of our engineering capacity to developing on-demand, customer-requested features that would be valuable across our customer base. We are focused on bolstering innovation across the following product categories with high-quality AI as the connective tissue: employee experience, customer experience, core communications, and departmental and industry-specific solutions. • Drive international expansion. With users, offices, and data centers strategically located around the world, we are poised to reach new customers globally. AI features, such as translated captions, support collaboration across languages and regions. Our platform is intuitively designed such that localization requirements are minimal. For example, our platform works without intensive translation requirements with only a few language adjustments to our user interface and support systems. Zoom continues to make meetings more effective and 7 Table of Contents inclusive with the introduction of AI-powered language captions and translations. Within a Zoom Meeting, translated captions will translate the source language into English captions or translate from English to the language selected by the meeting participant. Translated captions support more than 35 languages. This facilitates seamless collaboration and helps to improve attendee engagement, including after the meeting, through AI Companion summaries. • Pursue Strategic Acquisitions. We selectively pursue acquisitions in high-growth markets where we can credibly establish leadership, targeting opportunities aligned with our long-term strategic objectives that offer differentiated synergies and demonstrated product-market fit. We prioritize targets with durable revenue growth, a clear path to profitability, and strong cultural alignment, supported by well-defined integration plans designed to accelerate sustainable value creation. • Expand within existing customers. As organizations experience our platform and become familiar with its benefits, more teams and departments within these organizations adopt Zoom. Our AI tools are woven across the platform, and are able to drive more insights and support more workflows as users broaden usage across our platform. Lines of business are often first to adopt our platform and provide an opportunity for further expansion across departments. This “land and expand” model has led to some of our largest deployments. Customers are also purchasing services for events, webinars, room solutions, phone, contact center, and employee experience, creating a complete and integrated set of communications services. • Grow our developer ecosystem. Through the Zoom Developer ecosystem, we enable customers and their developers to build their own solutions with our underlying platform technology, seamlessly embed our platform into their own offerings, and integrate their applications across Zoom products using our extensive library of application program interfaces (“APIs”) and selection of software development kits (“SDKs”). Developers can leverage AI tools to enhance their integrations and provide intelligent experiences. The Zoom App Marketplace further extends the value and adoption of Zoom with our customers through the development and distribution of apps and integrations. We continue to partner with video conferencing hardware and peripheral providers, as well as with software providers such as Palo Alto Networks, Zendesk, and Box. Our Platform Zoom is redefining modern work as a system of action, and our AI-first platform is central to this evolution, turning live collaboration into completed results. Our platform enables customers to seamlessly collaborate, communicate, and bridge work both inside and outside the organization, using AI to help drive productivity, engagement, and business results. The products in our work platform are grouped under the following categories, which are further described below: • AI - Zoom AI Companion drives impact with intelligence • Zoom Workplace - Enables seamless collaboration and productivity on a unified platform • Zoom Business Services - Strengthens customer relationships and delivers superior service • Employee Experience - Makes teamwork more meaningful and engaging • Developer Ecosystem - Creates custom integrations and streamlines workflows AI Zoom AI Companion Zoom AI Companion, launched in September 2023, is Zoom’s integrated, agentic AI solution, designed to enhance productivity by driving systems of action across the Zoom platform that help customers and employees get real work done. Zoom AI Companion is built on a federated AI approach that incorporates Zoom’s own SLMs and LLMs with third-party models to deliver high-quality results while helping lower customer costs. Zoom AI Companion is included at no additional cost for users with eligible paid Zoom services and is also available as a standalone offering. Zoom AI Companion works across Zoom Meetings, Zoom Team Chat, Zoom Phone, Zoom Mail and Calendar, Zoom Tasks, Zoom Contact Center and other products. Core functionalities include: • Zoom Meetings: Automatic generation of post-meeting summaries and transcripts, action item extraction, in-meeting query assistance, and contextual catch-up for participants who join late, helping improve meeting productivity and follow-up execution. • Zoom Team Chat: Summarization of long chat threads, contextual message drafting and refinement, and identification of relevant action items to streamline communication workflows. 8 Table of Contents • Zoom Phone: AI-assisted voicemail transcription and prioritization, automated call summaries, real-time call guidance, and conversion of voicemails into tasks to support internal and customer-facing voice communications. • Zoom Contact Center: AI-powered assistance for support agents, including engagement summaries, sentiment analysis, and intelligent routing, helping connect customers with appropriate agents or subject-matter experts and improving resolution times and customer experience. • Workvivo: AI-powered content creation, summarization, and conversational assistance embedded within Workvivo enhance employee communications, knowledge sharing, and engagement. Powered by Zoom AI Companion, these capabilities support internal alignment, streamline content development, and improve the overall digital employee experience. Beyond these core functions, Zoom Custom AI Companion, enabled through Zoom AI Studio, allows organizations to securely connect AI Companion to their internal data sources and selected third-party applications. This enables AI outputs that better reflect an organization’s terminology, workflows, and business context. Zoom AI Companion continues to evolve to help teams accelerate work outcomes and adapt to the changing needs of the modern workplace. Zoom Workplace Zoom Meetings Zoom Meetings provides HD video, voice, chat, and content sharing across mobile devices, desktops, laptops, telephones, and conference room systems. Our architecture can support up to 1,000 video participants in a single meeting. Conversations can be one-to-one, one-to-many, or many-to-many. Zoom Meetings features a 49-person video gallery view, virtual backgrounds, MP4/M4A cloud/local recording with transcripts, video breakout rooms, screen sharing with annotation, and integrations with other powerful business applications to help teams get more done together. Zoom Meetings integrates with tools created by companies such as Atlassian, Box, Dropbox, Google, LinkedIn, Microsoft, Salesforce, ServiceNow, and Slack. Our meetings are a flexible tool for on-the-go employees who rely on their mobile devices or tablets throughout their business day. We offer end-to-end encryption (“E2EE”) for meetings with up to 1000 participants. Zoom’s E2EE uses the same 256-bit AES GCM encryption that secures Zoom Meetings by default, but with Zoom’s E2EE, the meeting host generates encryption keys and uses public key cryptography to distribute these keys to the other meeting participants. Additionally, a customer-managed key (“CMK”) service allows organizations to provide and manage their own encryption keys for certain customer content stored at rest in the Zoom Cloud. The organization needs to manage the keys in the Amazon Web Services Key Management Service. This allows for encryption of applicable content stored in the Zoom Cloud using keys controlled by the organization. We believe Zoom was also the first UCaaS company to offer post-quantum E2EE solution for video conferencing. Post-quantum E2EE works across Zoom Workplace, and employs upgraded algorithms designed to withstand potential future threats from quantum computers. Translated captions help to remove language barriers, connect people, and promote inclusivity in meetings and webinars. Zoom Meetings currently offers translated captions in 35 languages. Zoom Phone Zoom Phone is a cloud phone system for businesses that provides private branch exchange (“PBX”) features, such as secure call routing, call queuing, call detail reports, call recording, call quality monitoring, voicemail, switch to video, and much more. Zoom Phone provides inbound and outbound calling via its support for native connectivity to the public switched telephone network (“PSTN”). Available stand-alone or as an optional add-on to Zoom Meetings, Zoom Phone is a core component of our modern UCaaS strategy that enables customers to replace their existing PBX solution and consolidate all of their business communications and collaboration requirements onto Zoom. As of January 31, 2026, Zoom Phone provided native PSTN connectivity in more than 45 countries and territories. Zoom Phone also supports Premises Peering and Cloud Peering, which provide customers with the flexibility to keep their current PSTN service providers by redirecting existing third-party voice circuits to the Zoom Phone Cloud. Hybrid connectivity is also supported, allowing customers to mix native Zoom Phone calling plans and third-party voice circuits. This unique capability enables customers to enjoy all the benefits and features of Zoom Phone while keeping their existing service provider contracts, phone numbers, and calling rates with their preferred carrier of record. Zoom Phone Provider Exchange makes it easier for customers to choose their preferred PSTN provider partners, providing an improved way to connect with cloud peering partners, promote the discovery of new providers, and enable self- 9 Table of Contents service of phone numbers from selected partners. As of January 31, 2026, more than 90 countries and territories are included in the Provider Exchange program. Zoom Team Chat Zoom Team Chat, included in Zoom Workplace and Zoom Phone plans, enables organizations and teams to communicate and collaborate in groups, channels, or one-on-one conversations and to stay connected by instantly sharing messages, images, files, and other content across desktops, laptops, tablets, and mobile devices. With Zoom Team Chat, users can easily invite people outside their organization to a chat conversation and quickly switch from a chat to a phone call or video meeting during a conversation. Zoom Team Chat also features content storage for users who want discoverability and the ability to review their conversations or shared files. There are dozens of Zoom Team Chat-compatible applications available in the Zoom App Marketplace that provide notifications and improved workflow for other enterprise systems. Zoom Docs Zoom Docs is a dedicated, modular workspace for efficient, dynamic hybrid collaboration. With Zoom Docs, users get a singular workspace designed to bring their teams together to share ideas and get more done, all powered by AI Companion. It helps tie together our collection of communication modalities, with online word processing now threaded throughout the Zoom platform. Zoom Whiteboard Zoom Whiteboard is an interactive canvas that enables teams to collaborate and brainstorm using templates, drag-and-drop shapes and objects, text, diagramming tools, and integrations with third-party services. Zoom Whiteboard is a persistent collaboration tool that works across Zoom Meetings, Zoom Team Chat, Zoom Rooms for Touch, Zoom Workplace desktop and mobile apps, and web browsers. Whiteboards can be shared with internal and external participants. Zoom Clips Zoom Clips is a convenient solution for capturing both video and screen content. Zoom Clips enables users to effortlessly and quickly record, edit, share, store, and analyze short video “clips,” as well as comment/react to other users’ clips, to keep the collaboration going. Clips are particularly valuable when demonstrating or showcasing product features or functionalities. Zoom Clips is included with Zoom Workspace paid plans. Zoom Rooms Zoom Rooms is our software-based conference room system that transforms every room – from executive offices, huddle rooms, and training rooms, to broadcast studios – into a collaboration space that is easy to use, simple to deploy, and low-effort to manage. Designed to enhance workforce collaboration across in-room and virtual participants, Zoom Rooms offers one-click-to-join meetings, wireless multi-sharing, interactive whiteboarding, intuitive room controls, scheduling enhancements, digital signage, and other features seamlessly integrated with the Zoom Meetings experience and hybrid work experience. Workspace Reservation Zoom Workspace Reservation is a service that enables the management of physical spaces, providing tools for customers to reserve and manage their workspace utilization by connecting users to workspaces. It enhances and streamlines hotdesking and hoteling experiences and can provide recommendations for a workspace location or time to reserve. Users can reserve a work location time and duration in advance or on demand by selecting a location on a floor plan. Administrators can learn more about the utilization of their workspaces to support the planning and optimization of their locations. Zoom Business Services Zoom Contact Center Zoom Contact Center is an omnichannel solution that helps empower and upskill agents, improve operational effectiveness, and strengthen customer relationships. Built on Zoom’s reliable and secure platform, Zoom Contact Center enriches customer engagement by delivering highly personalized and seamless customer journeys across all channels. The capabilities of Zoom Contact Center are further enhanced when integrated with Zoom Virtual Agent, our AI-powered, multimodal self-service solution that supports both chat and voice interactions, enabling intelligent, conversational engagement across digital and telephony channels, and Zoom's Workforce Engagement Management suite, including Workforce Management and Quality Management for Contact Center customers. With advanced conversational AI, natural language understanding, and seamless handoff to live agents, Zoom Virtual Agent helps organizations automate routine inquiries while 10 Table of Contents delivering human-like voice and messaging experiences at scale. Together, these solutions form an all-in-one, comprehensive contact center solution designed to elevate every aspect of the customer experience. Zoom Revenue Accelerator Zoom Revenue Accelerator is a conversation intelligence software solution for Zoom Meetings and Zoom Phone, providing sales teams with meaningful and actionable insights from their customer interactions to improve seller performance and enhance customer experiences by reconciling call analytics with CRM data. Zoom Event s Built on Zoom’s reliable and secure video technology, Zoom Events allows event hosts to seamlessly create and manage virtual and hybrid events of any size. Zoom Events offers features such as event hubs, dedicated corporate event spaces, customizable registration and ticketing, attendee networking, expo floor, and event analytics. This comprehensive solution is designed to simplify how users manage, host, market, and report on all of their virtual and hybrid events. Zoom Webinars Plus Zoom Webinars Plus allows customers to use the signature features of Zoom Events for a single-session event, including branded registration and event pages, live polling, surveys and chat, advanced reporting, and the ability to organize upcoming and past events in one place. Zoom Webinars Zoom Webinars support interactive video presentations to large audiences from almost anywhere in the world and from many devices. Zoom Webinars can scale up to 1 million attendees (with the expanded single-use license) and last up to 30 hours with 1,000 interactive video panelists. With webinars, customers have control over the video viewing experience, and attendees join to listen, learn, and interact using chat, Q&A, live polling, and more. Our powerful third-party integrations help users maximize the use of their webinars and expand their capabilities with features such as paid registration, marketing automation, lead nurturing, and learning management. Employee Experience Workvivo Workvivo is an all-in-one employee experience platform ("EXP") designed to simplify internal communication, drive engagement, and foster a strong company culture. Workvivo combines internal tools for communication, employee recognition, and an intranet, into a single platform. Workvivo provides a new way for customers to keep their employees informed, engaged, and connected. Workvivo consists of a monthly subscription and optional add-on features for an additional fee. Developer Ecosystem Zoom Developer Platform and App Marketplace The Zoom Developer Platform enables developers, platform integrators, service providers, and customers to easily build apps and integrations that use Zoom’s video-based communications solutions across video, phone, and chat, or integrate Zoom’s core technology into their products and services, with opportunities for co-marketing, discovery, and distribution. Our developer platform also allows Zoom customers to administer their accounts, including managing app requests and provisioning, as well as optimizing account usage with access to dashboards and usage metrics. With our SDKs, APIs, webhooks, and extensive developer resources, Zoom, third-party developers, and partners can build and publish applications on our App Marketplace that integrate our platform with other globally in-demand applications, platforms, websites, and services. Our customers also have access to tools and resources that enable them to develop private applications that integrate Zoom Workplace and Zoom technology into their workflows and systems. Zoom Apps Zoom Apps combine users’ favorite apps with the power of video communications, allowing users to access them directly within Zoom Meetings. Users can enrich their Zoom experience with a variety of apps that cater to various use cases, including whiteboarding, project management, note-taking, gaming, and more. Zoom Essential Apps, launched in January 2023, provides access to a curated list of apps at no cost for one year after app activation for Zoom Workplace Pro, Business, and Business Plus users to enhance their Zoom experience, such as through visual agendas, automated tools to keep meetings on track, and interactive activities to add energy and fun to meetings. 11 Table of Contents Our Technology and Infrastructure Our unique technology and infrastructure enable best-in-class reliability, scalability, and performance. We designed our open, AI-first collaboration platform to help streamline the workday through effective communication and collaboration tools. Our federated AI approach leverages the best of both our proprietary AI and industry-leading models from partners like OpenAI and Anthropic. The right AI model is applied to each specific task to optimize performance and efficiency. Video communication presents its own unique set of challenges, requiring significant computing resources for encoding, decoding, multiplexing, and synchronization, along with high network bandwidth and performance. To address this, our platform separates video content processing from the transporting and mixing of streams. We allocate video content processing to intelligent agents that reside on client devices and dynamically encode and decode based on the performance of client technology, network performance, and bandwidth. Our next-generation multimedia router operates globally distributed cloud infrastructure to determine the optimal data centers to host a meeting and an optimal set of paths to connect the participants. Our Customers We have customers of all sizes, from individuals to global Fortune 50 organizations. Our current customer base spans countries across the world and numerous industry categories, including education, entertainment/media, enterprise infrastructure, finance, government, health care,

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
Components of Results of Operations Revenue We derive our revenue from subscription agreements with customers for access to our AI-first, open work platform. Our customers generally do not have the ability to take possession of our software. We also provide services, which include professional services, consulting services, and online event hosting, which are generally considered distinct from the access to our AI-first, open work platform. The amount of revenue recognized reflects the consideration that we expect to receive in exchange for these services over the contract term, which can include a free period discount. Cost of Revenue Cost of revenue primarily consists of costs related to hosting our AI-first, open work platform and providing general operating support services to our customers. These costs are related to our co-located data centers, third-party cloud hosting, integrated third-party PSTN services, personnel-related expenses, amortization of capitalized software development and acquired intangible assets, royalty payments, and allocated overhead. 56 Table of Contents Operating Expenses Research and Development Research and development expenses primarily consist of personnel-related expenses directly associated with our research and development organization, depreciation of equipment used in research and development, and allocated overhead. Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. Sales and Marketing Sales and marketing expenses primarily consist of personnel-related expenses directly associated with our sales and marketing organization. Other sales and marketing expenses include advertising and promotional events to promote our brand, such as awareness programs, digital programs, public relations, tradeshows, and our user conference, Zoomtopia, and allocated overhead. Sales and marketing expenses also include credit card processing fees related to sales and amortization of deferred contract acquisition costs. General and Administrative General and administrative expenses primarily consist of personnel-related expenses associated with our finance, legal, and other organizations; professional fees for external legal, accounting, and other consulting services; expected credit losses; insurance; certain indirect taxes; litigation settlements; corporate security and regulatory expenses; and allocated overhead. Gains on Strategic Investments, Net Gains on strategic investments, net consist primarily of remeasurement gains or losses on our equity investments. Other Income, Net Other income, net consists primarily of interest income and net accretion on our marketable securities and effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Provision for Income Taxes Provision for income taxes consists primarily of income taxes related to federal, state, and foreign jurisdictions where we conduct business. 57 Table of Contents Results of Operations The following tables set forth selected consolidated statements of operations data and such data as a percentage of revenue for each of the fiscal years indicated: Year Ended January 31, 2026 2025 2024 (in thousands) Revenue $ 4,868,769 $ 4,665,433 $ 4,527,224 Cost of revenue (1) 1,119,036 1,129,627 1,077,801 Gross profit 3,749,733 3,535,806 3,449,423 Operating expenses: Research and development (1) 844,875 852,415 803,187 Sales and marketing (1) 1,388,297 1,427,384 1,541,307 General and administrative (1) 392,928 442,712 579,650 Total operating expenses 2,626,100 2,722,511 2,924,144 Income from operations 1,123,633 813,295 525,279 Gains on strategic investments, net 969,822 177,142 109,770 Other income, net 328,830 325,147 197,263 Income before provision for income taxes 2,422,285 1,315,584 832,312 Provision for income taxes 522,137 305,346 194,850 Net income $ 1,900,148 $ 1,010,238 $ 637,462 (1) Includes stock-based compensation expense as follows: Cost of revenue $ 96,273 $ 124,561 $ 143,798 Research and development 287,172 333,767 336,309 Sales and marketing 254,976 319,631 381,298 General and administrative 122,355 153,350 195,756 Total stock-based compensation expense $ 760,776 $ 931,309 $ 1,057,161 Year Ended January 31, 2026 2025 2024 (as a percentage of revenue) Revenue 100.0 % 100.0 % 100.0 % Cost of revenue 23.0 % 24.2 % 23.8 % Gross profit 77.0 % 75.8 % 76.2 % Operating expenses: Research and development 17.4 % 18.3 % 17.7 % Sales and marketing 28.5 % 30.6 % 34.0 % General and administrative 8.1 % 9.5 % 12.9 % Total operating expenses 53.9 % 58.4 % 64.6 % Income from operations 23.1 % 17.4 % 11.6 % Gains on strategic investments, net 19.9 % 3.8 % 2.4 % Other income, net 6.8 % 7.0 % 4.4 % Income before provision for income taxes 49.8 % 28.2 % 18.4 % Provision for income taxes 10.7 % 6.5 % 4.3 % Net income 39.0 % 21.7 % 14.1 % 58 Table of Contents Comparison of Fiscal Years Ended January 31, 2026 and 2025 Revenue Year Ended January 31, 2026 2025 $ Change % Change (in thousands, except percentages) Revenue $ 4,868,769 $ 4,665,433 $ 203,336 4.4 % Revenue for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2026 increased by $203.3 million, or 4.4%, compared to the fiscal year ended January 31, 2025. The increase primarily reflects higher product expansion and usage among existing Enterprise customers and continued growth of our customer base. Revenue from Enterprise subscription services grew 6.5% year over year, with 68.4% of the increase attributable to existing customers and 31.6% to new customers. Revenue from Online customers increased by 1.2%. Cost of Revenue Year Ended January 31, 2026 2025 $ Change % Change (in thousands, except percentages) Cost of revenue $ 1,119,036 $ 1,129,627 $ (10,591) (0.9) % Gross profit 3,749,733 3,535,806 213,927 6.1 % Gross margin 77.0 % 75.8 % Cost of revenue for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2026, decreased by $10.6 million, or 0.9%, compared to the fiscal year ended January 31, 2025. The decline primarily reflects a $28.3 million reduction in stock-based compensation, partially offset by $18.2 million in asset impairments. The decrease in stock-based compensation resulted from changes to our equity program. Gross margin increased to 77.0% for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2026 from 75.8% for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2025. The increase in gross margin was driven by the decrease in stock-based compensation as well as other operational efficiencies. Operating Expenses Research and Development Year Ended January 31, 2026 2025 $ Change % Change (in thousands, except percentages) Research and development $ 844,875 $ 852,415 $ (7,540) (0.9) % Research and development expense for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2026, decreased by $7.5 million, or 0.9%, compared to the fiscal year ended January 31, 2025. The decrease primarily reflects a $46.6 million reduction in stock-based compensation resulting from changes to our equity programs, largely offset by continued investment in AI innovation. The  offsetting increase was driven by an additional $33.4 million of personnel-related expenses from higher headcount and costs associated with AI-focused software and facilities. Sales and Marketing Year Ended January 31, 2026 2025 $ Change % Change (in thousands, except percentages) Sales and marketing $ 1,388,297 $ 1,427,384 $ (39,087) (2.7) % Sales and marketing expense for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2026, decreased by $39.1 million, or 2.7%, compared to the fiscal year ended January 31, 2025. The decrease was primarily driven by a $64.7 million decrease in stock-based 59 Table of Contents compensation resulting from changes in our equity programs, partially offset by continued investments supporting customer acquisition, retention, and expansion initiatives. General and Administrative Year Ended January 31, 2026 2025 $ Change % Change (in thousands, except percentages) General and administrative $ 392,928 $ 442,712 $ (49,784) (11.2) % General and administrative expense for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2026, decreased by $49.8 million, or 11.2%, compared to the fiscal year ended January 31, 2025. The decrease primarily reflects a $36.0 million change related to an SEC investigation accrual recorded in the prior year and reversed in the current year, along with a $31.0 million reduction in stock-based compensation resulting from changes in our equity programs. These decreases were partially offset by a $20.9 million expense for the charitable donation of shares contributed to a donor advised fund. Gains on Strategic Investments, Net Year Ended January 31, 2026 2025 $ Change % Change (in thousands, except percentages) Gains on strategic investments, net $ 969,822 $ 177,142 $ 792,680 NM Gains on strategic investments, net, were $969.8 million and $177.1 million for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2026 and 2025, respectively, which were both primarily driven by changes in the fair value of our privately held securities. Other Income, Net Year Ended January 31, 2026 2025 $ Change % Change (in thousands, except percentages) Other income, net $ 328,830 $ 325,147 $ 3,683 1.1 % Other income, net for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2026 increased by $3.7 million, or 1.1%, compared to the fiscal year ended January 31, 2025. The increase was mainly driven by a $23.8 million favorable impact from changes in foreign currency exchange rates, largely offset by a $23.4 million decrease in interest income from cash and marketable securities. Provision for Income Taxes Year Ended January 31, 2026 2025 $ Change % Change (in thousands, except percentages) Provision for income taxes $ 522,137 $ 305,346 $ 216,791 71.0 % Provision for income taxes for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2026 increased by $216.8 million, or 71.0%, compared to the fiscal year ended January 31, 2025. The change in income taxes was primarily due to an increase in income before taxes partially offset by a decrease in tax shortfalls and an increase in tax benefits on stock-based compensation for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2026. See Part II, Item 8, Note 11 “Income Taxes” to the consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report for further information. For a discussion of the fiscal year ended January 31, 2025 compared to the fiscal year ended January 31, 2024, please refer to Part II, Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2025. 60 Table of Contents Liquidity and Capital Resources As of January 31, 2026, our principal sources of liquidity were cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities of $7.8 billion, which were held for working capital purposes and for investment in growth opportunities. Our marketable securities generally consist of high-grade commercial paper, corporate bonds, agency bonds, corporate and other debt securities, U.S. government agency securities, and treasury bills. We finance our operations primarily through income from operations. Cash from operations may also be affected by various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, macroeconomic factors, such as geopolitical conflicts, tariffs and trade tensions, inflationary pressures, interest rate fluctuations, and the fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. These factors and other risks detailed in Part I,

