EX-2.1
3
abivax-20xfxex21descriptio.htm
EX-2.1
Document
Exhibit 2.1
DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO
SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
The following description of the ordinary shares, the American Depositary Shares and the articles of association, or bylaws, of Abivax SA (“Abivax,” the “Company,” “us” or “we”) is a summary and does not purport to be complete. This summary is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, the complete text of the Company’s bylaws, which are incorporated by reference as Exhibit 3.1 of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F to which this description is also an exhibit. The Company encourages you to read the Company’s bylaws carefully.
As of December 31, 2025, Abivax had the following series of securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act:
Title of Each Class
Trading Symbol
Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered
Ordinary shares, nominal value €0.01 per share
*
Nasdaq Global Market*
American Depositary Shares, each representing one ordinary share, nominal value €0.01 per share
ABVX
Nasdaq Global Market
* Not for trading, but only in connection with the registration of the American Depositary Shares.
ORDINARY SHARES
As of December 31, 2025, our issued share capital consisted of a total of 78,536,412 ordinary shares outstanding with a nominal value of €0.01 per share.
The description below reflects the terms of our bylaws and summarizes the material rights of holders of our ordinary shares under French law. Please note that this is only a summary and is not intended to be exhaustive. For further information, please refer to the full text of our bylaws, which are incorporated by reference as Exhibit 3.1 of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F to which this description is also an exhibit.
Shareholders’ Meetings and Voting Rights (Articles 12, 22, 23, 24, 25 and 26 of the By-Laws)
General
In accordance with the French Commercial Code (
Code de Commerce
), there are three types of shareholders’ meetings: ordinary, extraordinary and special.
Ordinary shareholders’ meetings are required to elect, replace or remove directors, appoint independent statutory auditors, approve the annual financial statements, approve share repurchase programs, declare dividends or authorizing dividends to be paid in shares and approve regulated agreements. In addition, pursuant to recommendation of the French Market Authority (
Autorité des Marchés Financiers
) (“AMF”), French listed companies may be required to conduct a consultation of the Ordinary Shareholders Meeting prior to the disposal of the majority of their assets, under certain conditions.
Extraordinary shareholders’ meetings are required for approval of matters such as amendments to our by-laws, including amendments required in connection with extraordinary corporate actions (i.e., changing our name, corporate purpose or registered office, increasing or decreasing our share capital and creating a new class of equity securities (ordinary or preferred shares)). Shareholders’ rights may be modified as allowed by French law. Only the extraordinary shareholders’ meeting is authorized to amend any and all provisions of our by-laws. It may not, however, increase shareholder commitments without the prior approval of each shareholder.
Special meetings of holders of a certain category of shares or of securities giving access to our share capital are required for any modification of the rights relating to such categories of shares. The resolutions of the shareholders’ meeting modifying these rights are effective only after they have been approved by the relevant special meeting.
Special Voting Rights of Warrant Holders
Under French law, the holders of warrants of the same class (
i.e.,
warrants that were issued at the same time and with the same rights), including founder’s share warrants (BCEs), are entitled to vote as a separate class at a general meeting of that class of warrant holders under certain circumstances, principally in connection with any proposed modification of the terms and conditions of the class of warrants or any proposed issuance of preferred shares or any modification of the rights of any outstanding class or series of preferred shares.
Shareholders’ Meetings
Our Board convenes an annual ordinary shareholders’ meeting for the approval of the annual financial statements. This meeting is held within six months of the end of each fiscal year. This period may be extended by an order of the President of the French Commercial Court (
Tribunal de Commerce
) at the request of the Board. The Board may also convene an ordinary or extraordinary shareholders’ meeting upon proper notice at any time during the year.
If the Board fails to convene a shareholders’ meeting at the shareholders’ request, our statutory auditors may call the meeting. In the event of bankruptcy, the liquidator or court-appointed agent may also call a shareholders’ meeting. In addition, any of the following may request the President of the French Commercial Court to appoint an agent to convene the shareholders’ meeting: one or several shareholders holding at least 5% of our share capital, any interested party in cases of urgency, the workers council in cases of urgency or duly qualified associations of shareholders who have held their shares in registered form for at least two years and who together hold a minimum number of the voting rights of our share capital. Shareholders holding a majority of the share capital or voting may also convene a shareholders’ meeting after the filing of a public offer or sale of a controlling interest in our share capital.
Shareholders’ meetings shall be chaired by the chairperson of the Board or, in his or her absence, by a Deputy chairperson or by a director elected for this purpose. Failing that, the meeting itself shall elect a chairperson. Vote counting shall be performed by the two members of the meeting who are present and accept such duties, who represent, either on their own behalf or as proxies, the greatest number of votes.
Notice of Shareholders’ Meeting
We are subject to French law requirements in relation to notice of shareholders’ meetings and announce shareholders’ meetings at least 35 days in advance by means of a preliminary notice published in the
Bulletin des annonces légales obligatoires
(BALO), as well as on our website at least 21 days prior to the meeting. At least 15 days prior to the date set for a shareholders’ meeting, or ten days if it is a second call, we must publish a final notice in accordance with French law requirements. In addition to the particulars relative to us, the final notice indicates, notably, the meeting’s agenda and the draft resolutions that will be presented. The requests for recording of issues or draft resolutions on the agenda must be addressed to the company under the conditions provided for in the current legislation.
In general, shareholders can only take action at shareholders’ meetings on matters listed on the agenda for the meeting. As an exception to this rule, shareholders may take action, among other things, with respect to the dismissal of directors, even if these actions have not been included on the agenda. The Board must submit properly proposed resolutions to a vote of the shareholders. When a shareholder submits a blank proxy form without naming a representative, his vote is deemed to be in favor of the resolutions (or amendments) proposed or recommended by the Board and against all others. As of the date of the publication of the final notice of a meeting but no later than four business days before the shareholders’ meeting, any shareholder may submit written questions to the Board relating to the agenda for the meeting. The Board must respond to these questions during the meeting. A common answer can be given to several questions if they have the same content or bear on the same topic. The answer to a written question is deemed to have been given insofar as it is published on our website in a section devoted to questions and answers.
Agenda and Conduct of Annual Shareholders’ Meetings.
The agenda of the shareholders’ meeting shall appear in the notice to convene the meeting and is set by the author of the notice. The shareholders’ meeting may only deliberate on the items on the agenda except for the removal of directors and the appointment of their successors which may be put to vote by any shareholder during any shareholders’ meeting. Pursuant to French law and our current share capital, one or more shareholders representing 5% of our share capital may request the inclusion of items or proposed resolutions on the agenda. Such request must be received at the latest on the 25th day preceding the date of the shareholders’ meeting, and in any event no later than the 20th day following the date of the convening notice to the shareholders’ meeting.
2
Attendance and Voting at Shareholders’ Meetings
Ownership of one share implies,
ipso jure
, adherence to our by-laws and the decision of the shareholders’ meeting.
The voting rights attached to equity or dividend shares are proportional to the percentage of the share capital they represent. Each share entitles the holder to one vote.
However, a double voting right compared to that conferred to other shares with regard to the percentage of share capital they represent is allocated to all fully paid-up ordinary shares with proof of being held in registered form by the same owner for at least two (2) years. Under French law, treasury shares or ordinary shares held by entities controlled by us are not entitled to voting rights and do not count for quorum purposes.
In order to participate in any general meeting, shareholders are required to have their shares registered under the conditions and time limits provided for the applicable laws before such general meeting in their name or in the name of an intermediary registered on their behalf, either in the registered shares shareholder account or in the bearer shares shareholder account.
Proxies and Votes by Mail or Videoconference
In general, all shareholders who have properly registered and fully paid their shares or duly presented a certificate from their accredited intermediary may participate in shareholders’ meetings. Shareholders may participate in shareholders’ meetings either in person, by proxy or by mail or, if provided for by the by-laws, by videoconference or by any means of telecommunications in accordance with applicable regulations, if the Board provides for such possibility when convening the meeting.
Proxies are sent to any shareholder upon request. In order to be counted, such proxies must be received at our registered office, or at any other address indicated on the notice convening the meeting, prior to the date of the meeting. A shareholder may grant proxies to his or her spouse, civil partner, to another shareholder or to any other person (individual or legal) of his/her/its choice. A shareholder that is a corporation may grant proxies to a legal representative. A shareholder who is a non-resident of France may be represented at a shareholders’ meeting by an intermediary registered under the conditions set forth by French law. Alternatively, the shareholder may send a blank proxy to us without nominating a representative.
With respect to votes by mail, we will send shareholders a voting form. The completed form must be returned to us at least three days prior to the date of the shareholders’ meeting. The final date for returning votes by mail is disclosed in the notice of meeting published in accordance with French law requirements. Under our by-laws, shareholders’ meetings by means of telecommunications permitting their identification are possible if the Board so determines in the preliminary or final notice of the meeting. Shareholders voting by proxy, mail, authorized intermediary or, if provided for in the preliminary or final notice of the meeting by any means of telecommunications permitting them to be identified, will be considered to be present at the meeting for the computation of the quorum and the majority.
A shareholder who has voted by correspondence will no longer be able to participate directly in the meeting or to be represented. In the case of returning the proxy form and the voting by correspondence form, the proxy form is taken into account, subject to the votes cast in the voting by correspondence form.
Quorum
For an ordinary shareholders’ meeting to be quorate, one-fifth of the holders of shares entitled to voting rights must be present in person or vote by mail or by proxy or by authorized intermediary or by any means of telecommunication permitting their identification. An extraordinary shareholders’ meeting is quorate if one-fourth of the holders of shares entitled to voting rights are present or vote by mail or by proxy or by authorized intermediary or by any means of telecommunication. As an exception, an extraordinary shareholders’ meeting deciding upon a share capital increase by capitalization of reserves, profits or share premium has the same quorum requirement as an ordinary shareholders’ meeting.
If the requirements for a quorum are not satisfied, the meeting is adjourned. When an adjourned ordinary shareholders’ meeting is resumed, there is no quorum requirement. Extraordinary shareholders’ meetings require a quorum of one-fifth of the holders of shares entitled to voting rights. If a quorum is not present, the reconvened meeting may be adjourned for a maximum of two months. No deliberation by the shareholders may take place without a quorum. For special meetings of holders of a certain class of shares, the quorum requirement is one-third of the certain class of shares entitled to voting rights for the meeting convened on the first call. Should the special
3
meeting be reconvened, the quorum requirement is one-fifth of the certain class of shares entitled to voting rights for the meeting.
Majority
A simple majority of shareholders may pass a resolution at either an ordinary shareholders’ meeting or an extraordinary shareholders’ meeting deciding upon a share capital increase by capitalization of reserves, profits or share premium. At any other extraordinary shareholders’ meeting, a two-thirds majority of the shareholder votes cast is required. A unanimous shareholder vote is required to increase shareholders’ liabilities. Abstention from voting by those present either in person or by means of telecommunications if provided for by the by-laws, or those represented by proxy or voting by mail is counted as a vote against the resolution submitted to a shareholder vote. In general, each shareholder is entitled to one vote per share at any shareholders’ meeting. Under the French Commercial Code, shares of a company held by it or by entities controlled directly or indirectly by that company are not entitled to voting rights and do not count for quorum or majority purposes.
Financial Statements and Other Communications with Shareholders
In connection with the annual ordinary shareholders’ meeting, we must provide or make available to any shareholder a set of documents including, among other things, our annual report, the annual and consolidated accounts, the statutory auditors’ reports and a draft of the meeting’s resolutions.
The chairperson of the Board is required to deliver a special report to the annual ordinary shareholders’ meeting regarding the composition of the Board, the representation of men and women in its composition, the status of the preparation and organization of the work of the Board, the status of the internal control procedures that we have implemented, including those in connection with the treatment of the accounting and financial statements and principles and rules that it establishes to determine management compensation and benefits. French law requires that a special report be provided annually to the ordinary shareholders’ meeting regarding stock options authorized and/or granted by the company.
Rights, Preferences and Restrictions Attaching to Ordinary Shares (Articles 7, 11, 30, 31 and 32 of the By-Laws)
Dividends
We only distribute dividends out of our “distributable profits,” plus any amounts filed in its reserves that the shareholders decide to make available for distribution, other than those reserves that are specifically required by French law or our by-laws. “Distributable profits” consist of our net profit in each fiscal year, as increased or reduced by any profit or loss carried forward from prior years, less any contributions to the reserve accounts pursuant to French law or our by-laws.
Legal Reserve
Under French law, we are required to allocate 5% of our net income for each fiscal year, after reduction for losses carried forward from previous years, if any, to a legal reserve fund until the amount in the legal reserve is equal to 10% of the aggregate nominal value of the share capital. The legal reserve subject to this requirement may only be used to offset losses when other reserves cannot be used and, in particular, may not be distributed to shareholders until our liquidation. As of December 31, 2025, our legal reserve was €0.
Approval of Dividends
Shareholders may decide in an ordinary shareholders’ meeting, upon proposal of the Board, to allocate all or part of the distributable profits to special or general reserves, to carry them forward to the following fiscal year as retained earnings, or to allocate them to the shareholders as dividends. Dividends may be paid in cash or as shares upon the option of the shareholders if such option is granted at the annual ordinary shareholders’ meeting.
If we have earned distributable profits since the end of the preceding fiscal year, as reflected in an interim income statement certified by its auditors, the Board may distribute interim dividends to the extent of the distributable profits for the period covered by the interim income statement before approval of the annual financial statements. Subject to French law, the Board may declare interim dividends paid in cash without obtaining shareholder approval. For interim dividends paid in shares, prior authorization by an ordinary shareholders’ meeting is required.
4
Distribution of Dividends and Timing of Payment
In principle, dividends are distributed to shareholders pro rata according to their respective shareholdings.
Timing of Payment
Under French law, we must pay any dividends within nine months of the end of our fiscal year, unless otherwise authorized by an order of the President of the French Commercial Court. Dividends on shares that are not claimed within five years of the date of declared payment revert to the French State.
In the case of interim dividends, distributions are made to shareholders on the date set by our Board during the meeting in which the distribution of interim dividends is approved. The actual dividend payment date is decided by the shareholders at an annual shareholders’ meeting or by our Board in the absence of such a decision by the shareholders. Shareholders that own shares on the actual payment date are entitled to the dividend.
Shareholders may be granted an option to receive dividends in cash or in shares, in accordance with legal conditions. The conditions for payment of dividends in cash shall be set at the shareholders’ meeting or, failing this, by the Board.
Increases in Share Capital
Our share capital may only be increased by obtaining the approval of the shareholders at an extraordinary shareholders’ meeting upon the recommendation of the Board. The decision to increase share capital through increases in the nominal value of existing shares requires unanimous approval at an extraordinary shareholders’ meeting. The decision to increase share capital through the capitalization of reserves, profits and/or share premiums must be submitted to an extraordinary shareholders’ meeting applying the quorum and majority requirements applicable to ordinary shareholders’ meetings. In the case of an increase in share capital in connection with the payment of a share dividend the voting and quorum procedures of an ordinary shareholders’ meetings apply. All other share capital increases require the approval of an extraordinary shareholders’ meeting. See “Description of Share Capital—Shareholders’ Meetings and Voting Rights (Articles 6, 12 and 22 of the By-Laws)” above.
Increases in our share capital may be effected by:
•    issuing additional shares;
•    increasing the par value of existing shares;
•    creating a new class of equity securities; and
•    exercising the rights attached to securities giving access to the share capital.
Increases in share capital by issuing additional securities may be effected through one or a combination of the following:
•    in consideration for cash;
•    in consideration for assets contributed in kind;
•    through an exchange offer;
•    by conversion of previously issued debt instruments;
•    by capitalization of profits, reserves or share premium; and
•    subject to certain conditions, by way of offset against debt incurred by us.
Subject to certain conditions, shareholders may delegate the authority (
délégation de compétence
) or the powers (
délégation de pouvoirs
) to carry out certain increases in our share capital to the Board following approval at an extraordinary shareholders’ meeting. The Board may further sub-delegate this right to the Chief Executive Officer.
Reduction in Share Capital
Under French law, any reduction in our share capital requires approval of the shareholders at an extraordinary shareholders’ meeting. The share capital may be reduced either by decreasing the nominal value of the outstanding shares or by reducing the number of outstanding shares. The number of outstanding shares may be reduced by the repurchase and cancellation of the shares.
5
Holders of each class of shares must be treated equally unless each affected shareholder agrees otherwise. As a general matter, reductions of capital occur pro rata among all shareholders, except (i) in the case of a share buyback program, or a public tender offer to repurchase shares, where such a reduction occurs pro rata only among tendering shareholders and (ii) in the case where all shareholders unanimously consent to a non-pro-rata reduction. In any case, we must not own more than 10% of our outstanding share capital. The extraordinary shareholders’ meeting may authorize the buy-back program for a period not exceeding 18 months. In addition, we may not cancel more than 10% of our outstanding share capital over any 24-month period.
Preferential Subscription Rights
According to French law, existing shareholders have preferential subscription rights to these securities on a pro rata basis if we issue certain kinds of additional securities. These preferential subscription rights require us to give priority treatment to existing shareholders. The rights entitle the individual or entity that holds them to subscribe to an issue of any securities that may increase our share capital by means of a cash payment or a settling of cash debts. Pursuant to applicable law, subscription rights are transferable during a period starting two days prior the opening of the subscription period (or, if such day is not a business day, the preceding trading day) and ending two days prior the closing of the subscription period (or, if such day is not a business day, the preceding trading day).
A two-thirds majority of the shares entitled to vote at an extraordinary shareholders’ meeting may vote to waive preferential subscription rights with respect to any particular offering or a portion of that offering. French law requires that the Board and our statutory auditors present reports that specifically address any proposal to waive preferential subscription rights. In the event of a waiver, the issue of securities must be completed within the period prescribed by French law. The shareholders may also decide at an extraordinary shareholders’ meeting to give existing shareholders a non-transferable priority right to subscribe to such new securities during a limited period of time. Shareholders also may notify us that they wish to waive their own preferential subscription rights with respect to any particular offering if they so choose.
In the event of a share capital increase without preferential subscription rights to existing shareholders to the benefit of qualified investors under Article L. 411-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, French law requires that the capital increase be made at a price equal to or exceeding the weighted-average market price of the shares in the three trading days preceding the setting of the price (such weighted-average-market price may be reduced by a maximum discount of 10%). However, within the limit of 10% of the share capital per year, the extraordinary shareholders’ meeting may authorize the Board to set the issuing price in accordance with terms established by the extraordinary shareholders’ meeting.
Form, Holding and Transfer of Shares (Articles 10 and 11 of the By-Laws)
Form of Shares
Our by-laws provide that the shares once fully paid may be held in registered or bearer form at the option of the shareholder, subject to applicable laws. Shares not fully paid must be nominal.
Holding of Shares
In accordance with French law, shareholders’ ownership rights are represented by book entries instead of share certificates. Shares issued are registered in individual accounts opened by us or any authorized intermediary, in the name of each shareholder and kept according to the terms and conditions laid down by the legal and regulatory provisions.
Any owner of our shares may elect to have its shares held in registered form and registered in its name in an account currently maintained by Uptevia, 12 place des Etats-Unis, CS 40083, 92549 Montrouge Cedex, France for and on our behalf or held in bearer form and recorded in its name in an account maintained by an accredited financial intermediary, such as a French broker, bank or other authorized financial institution. Any shareholder may, at its expense, change from one form of holding to the other. Both methods are operated through Euroclear. In addition, according to French law, shares held by any non-French resident may be held on the shareholder’s behalf in a collective account or in several individual accounts by an intermediary.
When our shares are held in bearer form by a beneficial owner who is not a resident of France, Euroclear may agree to issue, upon our request, a bearer depository receipt with respect to such shares for use only outside France. In this case, the name of the holder is deleted from the accredited financial intermediary’s books. Title to the shares represented by a bearer depository receipt will pass upon delivery of the relevant receipt outside France.
6
In accordance with applicable laws, we may request the information referred to in Article L.228-2 of the French Commercial Code at any time from the central depository responsible for holding our shares. Thus, we are at any time entitled to request the name and year of birth or, in the case of a legal entity, the name and the year of incorporation, nationality and address of the holders of our shares or other securities granting immediate or future voting rights, held in bearer form, and the number of shares or other securities so held and, if applicable, the restrictions relating to such securities. Furthermore, under French law, any intermediary who acts on behalf of one or more persons who are not domiciled in France must declare that it is acting as an intermediary. We may also request the identity of the shareholders on whose behalf it is acting. Consequently, the owner of shares recorded in a collective account or in several individual accounts by an intermediary will be represented in the shareholders’ meetings by this intermediary.
Transfer of Shares
Our by-laws do not contain any restrictions relating to the transfer of shares. Shares are freely negotiable, subject to applicable legal and regulatory provisions. French and European law provide for standstill obligations and prohibition of insider trading.
Liquidation Rights
If we are liquidated, any assets remaining after payment of our debts, liquidation expenses and all of our remaining obligations will be distributed first to repay in full the nominal value of our shares (up to the amount of the paid-up and non-liquidated share capital). Any surplus will be distributed pro rata among shareholders in proportion to the nominal value of their shareholdings, taking into account, where applicable, the rights attached to shares of different classes. Shareholders shall only bear losses up to the amount of their contributions.
Disclosure Requirements for Holdings Exceeding Certain Thresholds
Declaration of Crossing of Ownership Thresholds (Article 11.2 of the By-laws)
We are subject to certain disclosure requirements under French law. Any individual or entity, acting alone or in concert with others, that acquires, either directly or indirectly, shares representing more than 5%, 10%, 15%, 20%, 25%, 30%, 33
1
/
3
%, 50%, 66
2
/
3
%, 90% or 95% of our outstanding share capital or voting rights or that increases or decreases its shareholding or voting rights above or below any of those percentage thresholds, must notify us and the AMF, within four trading days of the date on which such threshold was crossed. French law and AMF regulations impose additional reporting requirements on persons who acquire more than 10%, 15%, 20% or 25% of the outstanding shares or voting rights of a listed company.
If a shareholder fails to comply with the notification requirements under French law, the shares or voting rights in excess of the relevant threshold will be deprived of voting rights until the end of a two-year period following the date on which the owner of such shares has complied with the notification requirements. They may also be suspended for up to five years and may be subject to criminal fines.
Our by-laws provide that any shareholder, acting alone or in concert, who comes into possession, in any manner whatsoever, either directly or indirectly, of a number of shares representing 2% of our share capital and/or voting rights must, by registered letter with acknowledgment of receipt sent to the registered office, or any other equivalent means for the shareholders or security holders residing outside of France, within five trading days of crossing such threshold, notify us of the total number of shares and voting rights he or she owns and the number of securities he or she owns that give access to the capital and voting rights attached thereto. This disclosure requirement shall apply, under the conditions above, each time a new threshold of 2% of capital and/or voting rights is met or exceeded, for whatever reason, including beyond the legal threshold of 5%. If the shares have not been reported under the above conditions, the shares exceeding the fraction that should have been reported are denied the right to vote in shareholders’ meetings, if at a shareholders’ meeting, the failure to report was recorded and if one or more shareholders holding together not less than 5% of capital or voting rights so request at that meeting. The denial of voting rights applies to any shareholders’ meeting to be held until the expiration of a period of two years from the date of regularization of the reporting.
We are required to publish the total number of voting rights and shares composing the share capital (if such numbers vary from the numbers previously published) on a monthly basis. The AMF makes this information public. We are subject to AMF regulations regarding public tender offers.
Further, and subject to certain exemptions, any shareholder crossing, alone or acting in concert, the 30% threshold shall file a mandatory public tender offer with the AMF. Also, any shareholder holding directly or indirectly a number between 30% and 50% of the capital or voting rights and who, in less than 12 consecutive
7
months, increases his/her/its holding of capital or voting rights by at least 1% of the company’s capital or voting rights, shall file a mandatory public tender offer.
Treasury Shares and Purchases of our Own Shares
We are not permitted to hold more than 10% of our share capital in treasury shares or to have more than 10% of our share capital to be held for us by our subsidiaries. Treasury shares are not entitled to dividends, voting rights or preferential subscription rights.
Repurchase and Redemption of Shares
Under French law, we may acquire our own shares. Such acquisition may be challenged on the ground of market abuse regulations. However, EU Market Abuse Regulation 596/2014 of April 16, 2014 (“MAR”) provides for safe harbor exemptions when the acquisition is made for the following purposes only:
•    to decrease our share capital, provided that such a decision is not driven by losses and that a purchase offer is made to all shareholders on a pro rata basis, with the approval of the shareholders at an extraordinary meeting. In this case, the shares repurchased must be cancelled within one month from the expiry of the purchase offer;
•    to meet obligations arising from debt securities that are exchangeable into equity instruments;
•    to provide shares for distribution to employees or managers under a profit-sharing, free share or share option plan. In this case the shares repurchased must be distributed within 12 months from their repurchase failing which they must be cancelled; or
•    under a buy-back program to be authorized by the shareholders in accordance with the provisions of Article L. 22-10-62 of the French Commercial Code and in accordance with the general regulations of, and market practices accepted by the AMF.
All other purposes, and especially share buy-backs made for external growth operations in pursuance of Article L. 22-10-62 of the French Commercial Code, while not forbidden, must be pursued in strict compliance of market manipulation and insider dealing rules.
Under MAR and in accordance with the general regulations (
réglement général
) of the AMF, or the General Regulations, a corporation shall report to the competent authority of the trading value on which the shares have been admitted to trading or are traded, no later than by the end of the seventh daily market session following the date of the execution of the transaction, all the transactions relating to the buy-back program, in a detailed form and in an aggregated form.
No such repurchase of shares may result in us holding, directly or through a person acting on our behalf, more than 10% of our issued share capital. Shares repurchased by us continue to be deemed “issued” under French law but are not entitled to dividends or voting rights so long as we hold them directly or indirectly, and we may not exercise the preferential subscription rights attached to them.
Ownership of Shares by Non-French Persons
EU and non-EU residents are required to file an administrative notice (
déclaration administrative
) with the French authorities in connection with certain direct or indirect investments in us, including through ownership of ADSs, on the date a binding purchase agreement is executed or a tender offer is made public. Under existing administrative rulings the following transactions qualify as foreign investments in us that require the filing of an administrative notice:
•    any transaction carried out on our capital by a non-French resident provided that after the transaction the cumulative amount of the capital or the voting rights held by non-French residents exceeds 1/3 of our capital or voting rights;
•    any transaction mentioned above by a corporation incorporated under French law whose capital or voting rights are held for more than 33.33% by non-French residents;
•    any transaction carried out abroad resulting in a change of the controlling shareholder of a corporation incorporated under a foreign law that holds a shareholding or voting rights in us if our capital or voting rights are held for more than 33.33% by non-French residents;
•    loans and guarantees granted by the acquirer to us in amounts evidencing control over our financing; and
8
•    patent licenses granted by an acquirer or management or technical assistance agreements with such acquirer that place us in a dependent position
vis-à-vis
such party or its group.
Non-French residents must file a declaration for statistical purposes with the Bank of France (
Banque de France
) within twenty working days following the date of certain direct foreign investments in us, including any purchase of our ADSs. In particular, such filings are required in connection with investments exceeding €15,000,000 that lead to the acquisition of at least 10% of our company’s share capital or voting rights or cross such 10% threshold. Violation of this filing requirement may be sanctioned by five years of imprisonment and a fine up to twice the amount of the relevant investment. This amount may be increased fivefold if the violation is made by a legal entity.
Differences in Corporate Law
The laws applicable to French
sociétés anonymes
(limited liability companies) differ from laws applicable to U.S. corporations and their shareholders. Set forth below is a summary of certain differences between the provisions of the French Commercial Code applicable to us and the Delaware General Corporation Law relating to shareholders’ rights and protections. This summary is not intended to be a complete discussion of the respective rights, and it is qualified in its entirety by reference to Delaware law and French law.
FRANCE
DELAWARE
Number of Directors
Under French law, a
société anonyme
must have at least three and may have up to 18 directors. The number of directors is fixed by or in the manner provided in the by-laws. The number of directors of each gender may not be less than 40%. In case a board of directors comprises up to eight members, the difference between the number of directors of each gender may not exceed two. Any appointment made in violation of this limit that is not remedied within six months of this appointment will be null and void and payment of directors’ compensation will be suspended.
Under Delaware law, a corporation must have at least one director and the number of directors shall be fixed by or in the manner provided in the by-laws (unless specified in the certificate of incorporation of the corporation).
Director Qualifications
Under French law, a corporation may prescribe qualifications for directors under its by-laws. In addition, under French law, members of a board of directors may be legal entities, and such legal entities must designate an individual to represent them and to act on their behalf at meetings of the board of directors.
Under Delaware law, a corporation may prescribe qualifications for directors under its certificate of incorporation or by-laws.
Removal of Directors
Under French law, directors may be removed from office, with or without cause, at any shareholders’ meeting without notice or justification, by a simple majority vote of the shareholders present and voting at the meeting in person or by proxy.
Under Delaware law, unless otherwise provided in the certificate of incorporation, directors may be removed from office, with or without cause, by a majority stockholder vote, though in the case of a corporation whose board is classified, shareholders may effect such removal only for cause.
Vacancies on the board of directors
Under French law, vacancies on the board of directors resulting from death or a resignation, provided that at least three directors remain in office, may be filled by a majority of the remaining directors pending ratification by the shareholders by the next shareholders’ meeting.
Under Delaware law, vacancies on a corporation’s board of directors, including those caused by an increase in the number of directors, unless otherwise provided in the certificate of incorporation, may be filled by the board of directors or other governing body.
9
Annual Shareholders’ Meeting
Under French law, the annual shareholders’ meeting shall be held at such place, on such date and at such time as decided each year by the board of directors and notified to the shareholders in the convening notice of the annual meeting, within six months after the close of the relevant fiscal year unless such period is extended by court order.
Under Delaware law, the annual meeting of stockholders shall be held at such place, on such date and at such time as may be designated from time to time by the board of directors or as provided in the certificate of incorporation or by the by-laws.
Shareholders’ Meeting
Under French law, shareholders’ meetings may be called by the board of directors or, failing that, by the statutory auditors, or by a court appointed agent or liquidator in certain circumstances, or by the majority shareholder in capital or voting rights following a public tender offer or exchange offer or the transfer of a controlling block on the date decided by the board of directors or the relevant person.
Under Delaware law, special meetings of the stockholders may be called by the board of directors or by such person or persons as may be authorized by the certificate of incorporation or by the by-laws.
Notice of Shareholders’ Meetings
A meeting notice (
avis de réunion
) is published in the
Bulletin des annonces légales obligatoires
(“BALO”), at least 35 days prior to a meeting and made available on the website of the company at least 21 days prior to the meeting. Additionally, a convening notice (
avis de convocation
) is published at least 15 days prior to the date of the meeting, in a legal announcement bulletin of the registered office department and in the BALO. Further, the holders of registered shares (
actions nominatives
) for at least a month at the time of the convening notice shall be summoned individually, by regular letter (or by registered letter if they request it and include an advance of expenses) sent to their last known address. This notice may also be transmitted by electronic means of telecommunication, in lieu of any such mailing, to any shareholder requesting it beforehand by registered letter with acknowledgment of receipt in accordance with legal and regulatory requirements, specifying his e-mail address.
Under Delaware law, unless otherwise provided in the certificate of incorporation or by-laws, written notice of any meeting of the stockholders must be given to each stockholder entitled to vote at the meeting not less than ten nor more than 60 days before the date of the meeting and shall specify the place, date, hour, means of remote communication, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote, the record date for voting if it is different from the record date determining notice and, in the case of a special meeting, purpose or purposes of the meeting.
The meeting notice must also indicate the conditions under which the shareholders may vote by correspondence, the places and conditions in which they can obtain voting forms, and as the case may be, the e-mail address to which they may send written questions.
10
Proxy
Each shareholder has the right to attend the meetings and participate in the discussions (i) personally, (ii) by granting proxy to any individual or legal entity of his choosing, (iii) by sending a proxy to the company without indication of the mandate (in which case such proxy shall be cast in favor of the resolutions supported by the board of directors), (iv) by voting by correspondence or (v) by videoconference or another means of telecommunication allowing identification in accordance with applicable laws. The proxy is only valid for a single meeting or for successive meetings convened with the same agenda. It can also be granted for two meetings, one ordinary the other extraordinary, held on the same day or within a period of 15 days.
Under Delaware law, at any meeting of stockholders, a stockholder may designate another person to act for such stockholder by proxy, but no such proxy shall be voted or acted upon after three years from its date, unless the proxy provides for a longer period.
Shareholder Action by Written Consent
Under French law, shareholders’ action by written consent is not permitted in a
société anonyme.
Under Delaware law, a corporation’s certificate of incorporation (i) may permit stockholders to act by written consent if such action is signed by all stockholders, (ii) may permit stockholders to act by written consent signed by stockholders having the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to take such action at a meeting or (iii) may prohibit actions by written consent.
Preferential Subscription Rights
Under French law, in case of issuance of additional shares or other securities for cash or set-off against cash debts, the existing shareholders have preferential subscription rights to these securities on a pro rata basis unless such rights are waived by a two-thirds majority of the votes held by
Under Delaware law, unless otherwise provided in a corporation’s certificate of incorporation, a stockholder does not, by operation of law, possess preemptive rights to subscribe to additional issuances of the corporation’s stock.
the shareholders present at the extraordinary meeting deciding or authorizing the capital increase, voting in person or represented by proxy or voting by mail. In case such rights are not waived by the extraordinary general meeting, each shareholder may individually either exercise, assign or not exercise its preferential subscription rights.
11
Sources of Dividends
Under French law, dividends may only be paid by a French
société anonyme
out of “distributable profits,” plus any distributable reserves and “distributable premium” that the shareholders decide to make available for distribution, other than those reserves that are specifically required by-law. “Distributable profits” consist of the unconsolidated net profits of the relevant corporation for each fiscal year, as increased or reduced by any profit or loss carried forward from prior years, minus the amounts to be set aside to the statutory reserve (at least 5% of the profit until the reserve has reached 10% of the amount of the share capital) and to the reserve set forth in the company’s by-laws (if any).
“Distributable premium” refers to the contribution paid by the shareholders in addition to the par value of their shares for their subscription that the shareholders decide to make available for distribution.
Except in the case of a share capital reduction, no distribution can be made to the shareholders when the net equity is, or would become, lower than the amount of the share capital plus the reserves which cannot be distributed in accordance with the law or the by-laws.
Under Delaware law, dividends may be paid by a Delaware corporation either out of (i) surplus, as defined in and computed in accordance with Delaware law, or (ii) in case there is no surplus, out of its net profits for the fiscal year in which the dividend is declared and/or the preceding fiscal year, except when the capital is diminished by depreciation in the value of its property, or by losses or otherwise, to an amount less than the aggregate amount of capital represented by issued and outstanding stock having a preference on the distribution of assets.
Repurchase of Shares
Under French law, a corporation may acquire its own shares. Such acquisition may be challenged on the ground of market abuse regulations. However, MAR provides for safe harbor exemptions when the acquisition is made for the following purposes only:
•    to decrease its share capital, provided that such decision is not driven by losses and that a purchase offer is made to all shareholders on a pro rata basis, with the approval of the shareholders at the extraordinary general meeting deciding the capital reduction; or to meet obligations arising from debt securities, that are exchangeable into equity instruments.
Under Delaware law, a corporation may generally redeem or repurchase shares of its stock unless the capital of the corporation is impaired or such redemption or repurchase would impair the capital of the corporation.
No such repurchase of shares may result in the company holding, directly or through a person acting on its behalf, more than 10% of its issued share capital.
FRANCE
DELAWARE
12
•    with a view to distributing within one year of their repurchase the relevant shares to employees or managers under a profit-sharing, free share or share option plan; or
•    under a buy-back program to be authorized by the shareholders in accordance with the provisions of Article L. 22-10-62 of the French Commercial Code and in accordance with the general regulations of the AMF.
All other purposes, and especially share buy-backs for external growth operations by virtue of Article L. 22-10-62 of the French Commercial Code, while not forbidden, must be pursued in strict compliance of market manipulations and insider dealing rules.
No such repurchase of shares may result in the company holding, directly or through a person acting on its behalf, more than 10% of its issued share capital.
Under MAR and in accordance with the General Regulations, a corporation shall report to the competent authority of the trading venue on which the shares have been admitted to trading or are traded, no later than by the end of the seventh daily market session following the date of the execution of the transaction, all the transactions relating to the buy-back program, in a detailed form and in an aggregated form.
Liability of Directors and Officers
Under French law, the by-laws may not include any provisions limiting the liability of directors.
Under Delaware law, a corporation’s certificate of incorporation may include a provision eliminating or limiting the personal liability of a director to the corporation and its stockholders for damages arising from a breach of fiduciary duty as a director. However, no provision can limit the liability of a director for:
•    any breach of the director’s duty of loyalty to the corporation or its stockholders;
•    acts or omissions not in good faith or that involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law;
•    intentional or negligent payment of unlawful dividends or stock purchases or redemptions; or
•    any transaction from which the director derives an improper personal benefit.
13
Voting Rights
French law provides that, unless otherwise provided in the by-laws, each shareholder is entitled to one vote for each share of share capital held by such shareholder. Further, pursuant to the introduction of Law No. 2014-384 dated March 29, 2014 (
Loi Florange
), shares registered for more than two years in the name of the same shareholder are automatically be granted double voting rights from 2016, unless the by-laws expressly reject this measure.
Delaware law provides that, unless otherwise provided in the certificate of incorporation, each stockholder is entitled to one vote for each share of capital stock held by such stockholder.
Shareholder Vote on Certain Transactions
Generally, under French law, completion of a merger, dissolution or sale or exchange of all or substantially all of a corporation’s assets (
apport partiel d’actifs
) requires:
•    the approval of the board of directors; and
•    approval by a two-thirds majority of the votes held by the shareholders present, represented by proxy or voting by mail at the relevant meeting or, in the case of a merger with a non-EU company, approval of all shareholders of the corporation.
Generally, under Delaware law, unless the certificate of incorporation pro
vides for the vote of a larger portion of shares, completion of a merger, consolidation, sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all of a corporation’s assets or dissolution requires:
•    the approval of the board of directors; and
•    approval by the vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding stock or, if the certificate of incorporation provides for more or less than one vote per share, a majority of the votes of the outstanding stock of a corporation entitled to vote on the matter.
Dissent or Dissenters Appraisal Rights
French law does not provide for any such right but provides that a merger is subject to shareholders’ approval by a two-thirds majority vote, as stated above.
Under Delaware law, a holder of shares of any class or series has the right, in specified circumstances, to dissent from a merger or consolidation by demanding payment in cash for the stockholder’s shares equal to the fair value of those shares, as determined by the Delaware Chancery Court in an action timely brought by the corporation or a dissenting stockholder. Delaware law grants these appraisal rights only in the case of mergers or consolidations and not in the case of a sale or transfer of assets or a purchase of
assets for shares. Further, no appraisal rights are available for shares of any class or series that is listed on a national securities exchange or held of record by more than 2,000 stockholders, unless the agreement of merger or consolidation requires the holders to accept for their shares anything other than:
•    shares of stock of the surviving corporation;
14
•    shares of another corporation that are either listed on a national securities exchange or held of record by more than 2,000 stockholders;
•    cash in lieu of fractional shares of the stock described in the two preceding bullet points; or
•    any combination of the above.
In addition, appraisal rights are not available to holders of shares of the surviving corporation in specified mergers that do not require the vote of the stockholders of the surviving corporation.
Standard of Conduct for Directors
French law does not contain specific provisions setting forth the standard of conduct of a director. However, directors have a duty to act without self-interest, on a well-informed basis, and not to take any decision against a corporation’s corporate interest (
intérêt social
).
Delaware law does not contain specific provisions setting forth the standard of conduct of a director. The scope of the fiduciary duties of directors is generally determined by the courts of the State of Delaware. In general, directors have a duty to act without self-interest, on a well-informed basis and in a manner they reasonably believe to be in the best interest of the stockholders.
Shareholder Suits
French law provides that a shareholder, or a group of shareholders, may initiate a legal action to seek indemnification from the directors of a corporation in the corporation’s interest if it fails to bring such legal action itself. If so, any damages awarded by the court are paid to the corporation and any legal fees relating to such action are borne by the relevant shareholder or the group of shareholders.
The plaintiff must remain a shareholder through the duration of the legal action.
There is no other case where shareholders may initiate a derivative action to enforce a right of a corporation.
A shareholder may alternatively or cumulatively bring individual legal action against the directors, provided he has suffered distinct damages from those suffered by the corporation. In this case, any damages awarded by the court are paid to the relevant shareholder.
Under Delaware law, a stockholder may initiate a derivative action to enforce a right of a corporation if the corporation fails to enforce the right itself. The complaint must:
•    state that the plaintiff was a stockholder at the time of the transaction of which the plaintiff complains or that the plaintiff’s shares thereafter devolved on the plaintiff by operation of law; and
•    allege with particularity the efforts made by the plaintiff to obtain the action the plaintiff desires from the directors and the reasons for the plaintiff’s failure to obtain the action; or
•    state the reasons for not making the effort.
•    Additionally, the plaintiff must remain a stockholder through the duration of the derivative suit. The action will not be dismissed or compromised without the approval of the Delaware Court of Chancery.
15
Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation
Unlike companies incorporated under Delaware law, the organizational documents, which comprise both a certificate of incorporation and by-laws, companies incorporated under French law only have by-laws (
statuts
) as organizational documents.
As indicated in the paragraph below, only the extraordinary shareholders’ meeting is authorized under French law to adopt or amend the by-laws.
Under Delaware law, generally a corporation may amend its certificate of incorporation if:
•    its board of directors has adopted a resolution setting forth the amendment proposed and declared its advisability; and
•    the amendment is adopted by the affirmative votes of a majority (or greater percentage as may be specified by the corporation) of the outstanding shares entitled to vote on the amendment and a majority (or greater percentage as may be specified by the corporation) of the outstanding shares of each class or series of stock, if any, entitled to vote on the amendment as a class or series.
Amendment of by-laws
Under French law, only the extraordinary shareholders’ meeting is authorized to adopt or amend the by-laws (two-thirds majority). The extraordinary shareholders’ meeting may authorize the board of directors to amend the by-laws to comply with legal provisions, subject to the ratification of such amendments by the next extraordinary shareholders’ meeting. The board of directors is authorized to amend the by-laws as a result of a decision to relocate the company’s registered office in France, subject to ratification by the next ordinary shareholders’ meeting.
Under Delaware law, the stockholders entitled to vote have the power to adopt, amend or repeal by-laws. A corporation may also confer, in its certificate of incorporation, that power upon the board of directors.
AMERICAN DEPOSITARY SHARES
Citibank, N.A. (“Citibank”) is the depositary for the ADSs representing our ordinary shares pursuant to a deposit agreement. Citibank’s depositary offices are located at 388 Greenwich Street, New York, New York 10013. ADSs represent ownership interests in securities that are on deposit with the depositary bank. ADSs may be represented by certificates that are commonly known as “American Depositary Receipts” or “ADRs.” The depositary bank typically appoints a custodian to safekeep the securities on deposit. In this case, the custodian is Citibank Europe plc located at 1 North Wall Quay, Dublin 1, Ireland.
The form of the deposit agreement is on file with the SEC under cover of a registration statement on Form F-6. You may obtain a copy of the deposit agreement from the SEC’s website (www.sec.gov). Please refer to registration number 333-274845 when retrieving such copy. The portions of this summary description that are italicized describe matters that may be relevant to the ownership of ADSs but that may not be contained in the deposit agreement.
We are providing you with a summary description of the material terms of the ADSs and of your material rights as an owner of ADSs. Please remember that summaries by their nature lack the precision of the information summarized and that the rights and obligations of an owner of ADSs will be determined by reference to the terms of the deposit agreement and not by this summary. We urge you to review the deposit agreement in its entirety. The portions of this summary description that are italicized describe matters that may be relevant to the ownership of ADSs but that may not be contained in the deposit agreement.
Each ADS represents the right to receive, and to exercise the beneficial ownership interests in, one ordinary share that is on deposit with the depositary bank and/or custodian. An ADS also represents the right to receive, and to exercise the beneficial interests in, any other property received by the depositary bank or the custodian on behalf of the owner of the ADS but that has not been distributed to the owners of ADSs because of legal restrictions or
16
practical considerations. We and the depositary bank may agree to change the ADS-to-Share ratio by amending the deposit agreement. This amendment may give rise to, or change, the depositary fees payable by ADS owners. The custodian, the depositary bank and their respective nominees will hold all deposited property for the benefit of the holders and beneficial owners of ADSs. The deposited property does not constitute the proprietary assets of the depositary bank, the custodian or their nominees. Beneficial ownership in the deposited property will under the terms of the deposit agreement be vested in the beneficial owners of the ADSs. The depositary bank, the custodian and their respective nominees will be the record holders of the deposited property represented by the ADSs for the benefit of the holders and beneficial owners of the corresponding ADSs. A beneficial owner of ADSs may or may not be the holder of ADSs. Beneficial owners of ADSs will be able to receive, and to exercise beneficial ownership interests in, the deposited property only through the registered holders of the ADSs, the registered holders of the ADSs (on behalf of the applicable ADS owners) only through the depositary bank, and the depositary bank (on behalf of the owners of the corresponding ADSs) directly, or indirectly, through the custodian or their respective nominees, in each case upon the terms of the deposit agreement.
If you become an owner of ADSs, you will become a party to the deposit agreement and therefore will be bound to its terms and to the terms of any ADR that represents your ADSs. The deposit agreement and the ADR specify our rights and obligations as well as your rights and obligations as an owner of ADSs and those of the depositary bank. As an ADS holder you appoint the depositary bank to act on your behalf in certain circumstances. The deposit agreement and the ADRs are governed by New York law. However, our obligations to the holders of ordinary shares will continue to be governed by the laws of France, which may be different from the laws in the United States.
In addition, applicable laws and regulations may require you to satisfy reporting requirements and obtain regulatory approvals in certain circumstances. You are solely responsible for complying with such reporting requirements and obtaining such approvals. Neither the depositary bank, the custodian, us or any of their or our respective agents or affiliates shall be required to take any actions whatsoever on your behalf to satisfy such reporting requirements or obtain such regulatory approvals under applicable laws and regulations.
As an owner of ADSs, we will not treat you as one of our shareholders and you will not have direct shareholder rights. The depositary bank will hold on your behalf the shareholder rights attached to the ordinary shares underlying your ADSs. As an owner of ADSs you will be able to exercise the shareholders rights for the ordinary shares represented by your ADSs through the depositary bank only to the extent contemplated in the deposit agreement. To exercise any shareholder rights not contemplated in the deposit agreement you will, as an ADS owner, need to arrange for the cancellation of your ADSs and become a direct shareholder.
The manner in which you own the ADSs (e.g., in a brokerage account vs. as registered holder, or as holder of certificated vs. uncertificated ADSs) may affect your rights and obligations, and the manner in which, and extent to which, the depositary bank’s services are made available to you. As an owner of ADSs, you may hold your ADSs either by means of an ADR registered in your name, through a brokerage or safekeeping account, or through an account established by the depositary bank in your name reflecting the registration of uncertificated ADSs directly on the books of the depositary bank (commonly referred to as the “direct registration system” or “DRS”). The direct registration system reflects the uncertificated (book-entry) registration of ownership of ADSs by the depositary bank. Under the direct registration system, ownership of ADSs is evidenced by periodic statements issued by the depositary bank to the holders of the ADSs. The direct registration system includes automated transfers between the depositary bank and The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”), the central book-entry clearing and settlement system for equity securities in the United States. If you decide to hold your ADSs through your brokerage or safekeeping account, you must rely on the procedures of your broker or bank to assert your rights as ADS owner. Banks and brokers typically hold securities such as the ADSs through clearing and settlement systems such as DTC. The procedures of such clearing and settlement systems may limit your ability to exercise your rights as an owner of ADSs. Please consult with your broker or bank if you have any questions concerning these limitations and procedures. All ADSs held through DTC will be registered in the name of a nominee of DTC. This summary description assumes you have opted to own the ADSs directly by means of an ADS registered in your name and, as such, we will refer to you as the “holder.” When we refer to “you,” we assume the reader owns ADSs and will own ADSs at the relevant time.
The registration of the ordinary shares in the name of the depositary bank or the custodian shall, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, vest in the depositary bank or the custodian the record ownership in the applicable ordinary shares with the beneficial ownership rights and interests in such ordinary shares being at all times vested with the beneficial owners of the ADSs representing the ordinary shares. The depositary bank or the custodian shall at all times be entitled to exercise the beneficial ownership rights in all deposited property, in each case only on behalf of the holders and beneficial owners of the ADSs representing the deposited property.
17
Dividends and Distributions
As a holder of ADSs, you generally have the right to receive the distributions we make on the securities deposited with the custodian. Your receipt of these distributions may be limited, however, by practical considerations and legal limitations. Holders of ADSs will receive such distributions under the terms of the deposit agreement in proportion to the number of ADSs held as of the specified record date, after deduction of the applicable fees, taxes and expenses.
Distributions of Cash
Whenever we make a cash distribution for the securities on deposit with the custodian, we will deposit the funds with the custodian. Upon receipt of confirmation of the deposit of the requisite funds, the depositary bank will arrange for the funds received in a currency other than U.S. dollars to be converted into U.S. dollars and for the distribution of the U.S. dollars to the holders, subject to the laws and regulations of France.
The conversion into U.S. dollars will take place only if practicable and if the U.S. dollars are transferable to the United States. The depositary bank will apply the same method for distributing the proceeds of the sale of any property (such as undistributed rights) held by the custodian in respect of securities on deposit.
The distribution of cash will be made net of the fees, expenses, taxes and governmental charges payable by holders under the terms of the deposit agreement. The depositary bank will hold any cash amounts it is unable to distribute in a non-interest bearing account for the benefit of the applicable holders and beneficial owners of ADSs until the distribution can be effected or the funds that the depositary bank holds must be escheated as unclaimed property in accordance with the laws of the relevant states of the United States.
Distributions of Shares
Whenever we make a free distribution of ordinary shares for the securities on deposit with the custodian, we will deposit the applicable number of ordinary shares with the custodian. Upon receipt of confirmation of such deposit, the depositary bank will
either
distribute to holders new ADSs representing the ordinary shares deposited
or
modify the ADS-to-ordinary shares ratio, in which case each ADS you hold will represent rights and interests in the additional ordinary shares so deposited. Only whole new ADSs will be distributed. Fractional entitlements will be sold and the proceeds of such sale will be distributed as in the case of a cash distribution.
The distribution of new ADSs or the modification of the ADS-to-ordinary shares ratio upon a distribution of ordinary shares will be made net of the fees, expenses, taxes and governmental charges payable by holders under the terms of the deposit agreement. In order to pay such taxes or governmental charges, the depositary bank may sell all or a portion of the new ordinary shares so distributed.
No such distribution of new ADSs will be made if it would violate a law (
e.g.
, the U.S. securities laws) or if it is not operationally practicable. If the depositary bank does not distribute new ADSs as described above, it may sell the ordinary shares received upon the terms described in the deposit agreement and will distribute the proceeds of the sale as in the case of a distribution of cash.
Distributions of Rights
Whenever we intend to distribute rights to subscribe for additional ordinary shares, we will give prior notice to the depositary bank and we will assist the depositary bank in determining whether it is lawful and reasonably practicable to distribute rights to subscribe for additional ADSs to holders.
The depositary bank will establish procedures to distribute rights to subscribe for additional ADSs to holders and to enable such holders to exercise such rights if it is lawful and reasonably practicable to make the rights available to holders of ADSs, and if we provide all of the documentation contemplated in the deposit agreement (such as opinions to address the lawfulness of the transaction). You may have to pay fees, expenses, taxes and other governmental charges to subscribe for the new ADSs upon the exercise of your rights. The depositary bank is not obligated to establish procedures to facilitate the distribution and exercise by holders of rights to subscribe for new ordinary shares other than in the form of ADSs.
The depositary bank will
not
distribute the rights to you if:
•    We do not timely request that the rights be distributed to you or we request that the rights not be distributed to you; or
18
•    We fail to deliver satisfactory documents to the depositary bank; or
•    It is not reasonably practicable to distribute the rights.
The depositary bank will sell the rights that are not exercised or not distributed if such sale is lawful and reasonably practicable. The proceeds of such sale will be distributed to holders as in the case of a cash distribution. If the depositary bank is unable to sell the rights, it will allow the rights to lapse.
Elective Distributions
Whenever we intend to distribute a dividend payable at the election of shareholders either in cash or in additional shares, we will give prior notice thereof to the depositary bank and will indicate whether we wish the elective distribution to be made available to you. In such case, we will assist the depositary bank in determining whether such distribution is lawful and reasonably practicable.
The depositary bank will make the election available to you only if it is reasonably practicable and if we have provided all of the documentation contemplated in the deposit agreement. In such case, the depositary bank will establish procedures to enable you to elect to receive either cash or additional ADSs, in each case as described in the deposit agreement.
If the election is not made available to you, you will receive either cash or additional ADSs, depending on what a shareholder in France would receive upon failing to make an election, as more fully described in the deposit agreement.
Other Distributions
Whenever we intend to distribute property other than cash, ordinary shares or rights to subscribe for additional ordinary shares, we will notify the depositary bank in advance and will indicate whether we wish such distribution to be made to you. If so, we will assist the depositary bank in determining whether such distribution to holders is lawful and reasonably practicable.
If it is reasonably practicable to distribute such property to you and if we provide to the depositary bank all of the documentation contemplated in the deposit agreement, the depositary bank will distribute the property to the holders in a manner it deems practicable.
The distribution will be made net of fees, expenses, taxes and governmental charges payable by holders under the terms of the deposit agreement. In order to pay such taxes and governmental charges, the depositary bank may sell all or a portion of the property received.
The depositary bank will
not
distribute the property to you and will sell the property if:
•    We do not request that the property be distributed to you or if we request that the property not be distributed to you; or
•    We do not deliver satisfactory documents to the depositary bank; or
•    The depositary bank determines that all or a portion of the distribution to you is not reasonably practicable.
•    The proceeds of such a sale will be distributed to holders as in the case of a cash distribution.
Redemption
Whenever we decide to redeem any of the securities on deposit with the custodian, we will notify the depositary bank in advance. If it is practicable and if we provide all of the documentation contemplated in the deposit agreement, the depositary bank will provide notice of the redemption to the holders.
The custodian will be instructed to surrender the shares being redeemed against payment of the applicable redemption price. The depositary bank will convert into U.S. dollars upon the terms of the deposit agreement the redemption funds received in a currency other than U.S. dollars and will establish procedures to enable holders to receive the net proceeds from the redemption upon surrender of their ADSs to the depositary bank. You may have to pay fees, expenses, taxes and other governmental charges upon the redemption of your ADSs. If less than all ADSs are being redeemed, the ADSs to be retired will be selected by lot or on a
pro rata
basis, as the depositary bank may determine.
19
Changes Affecting Ordinary Shares
The ordinary shares held on deposit for your ADSs may change from time to time. For example, there may be a change in nominal or par value, split-up, cancellation, consolidation or any other reclassification of such ordinary shares or a recapitalization, reorganization, merger, consolidation or sale of our assets.
If any such change were to occur, your ADSs would, to the extent permitted by law and the deposit agreement, represent the right to receive the property received or exchanged in respect of the ordinary shares held on deposit. The depositary bank may in such circumstances deliver new ADSs to you, amend the deposit agreement, the ADRs and the applicable Registration Statement(s) on Form F-6, call for the exchange of your existing ADSs for new ADSs and take any other actions that are appropriate to reflect as to the ADSs the change affecting the Shares. If the depositary bank may not lawfully distribute such property to you, the depositary bank may sell such property and distribute the net proceeds to you as in the case of a cash distribution.
Issuance of ADSs upon Deposit of Ordinary Shares
The depositary bank may create ADSs on your behalf if you or your broker deposit ordinary shares with the custodian. The depositary bank will deliver these ADSs to the person you indicate only after you pay any applicable issuance fees and any charges and taxes payable for the transfer of the ordinary shares to the custodian. Your ability to deposit ordinary shares and receive ADSs may be limited by U.S. and French legal considerations applicable at the time of deposit.
The issuance of ADSs may be delayed until the depositary bank or the custodian receives confirmation that all required approvals have been given and that the ordinary shares have been duly transferred to the custodian. The depositary bank will only issue ADSs in whole numbers.
When you make a deposit of ordinary shares, you will be responsible for transferring good and valid title to the depositary bank. As such, you will be deemed to represent and warrant that:
The ordinary shares are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid, non-assessable and legally obtained.
All preemptive (and similar) rights, if any, with respect to such ordinary shares have been validly waived or exercised.
You are duly authorized to deposit the ordinary shares.
The ordinary shares presented for deposit are free and clear of any lien, encumbrance, security interest, charge, mortgage or adverse claim, and are not, and the ADSs issuable upon such deposit will not be, “restricted securities” (as defined in the deposit agreement).
The ordinary shares presented for deposit have not been stripped of any rights or entitlements.
If any of the representations or warranties are incorrect in any way, we and the depositary bank may, at your cost and expense, take any and all actions necessary to correct the consequences of the misrepresentations.
Transfer, Combination and Split Up of ADRs
As an ADR holder, you will be entitled to transfer, combine or split up your ADRs and the ADSs evidenced thereby. For transfers of ADRs, you will have to surrender the ADRs to be transferred to the depositary bank and also must:
ensure that the surrendered ADR is properly endorsed or otherwise in proper form for transfer;
provide such proof of identity and genuineness of signatures as the depositary bank deems appropriate;
provide any transfer stamps required by the State of New York or the United States; and
pay all applicable fees, charges, expenses, taxes and other government charges payable by ADR holders pursuant to the terms of the deposit agreement, upon the transfer of ADRs.
To have your ADRs either combined or split up, you must surrender the ADRs in question to the depositary bank with your request to have them combined or split up, and you must pay all applicable fees, charges and expenses payable by ADR holders, pursuant to the terms of the deposit agreement, upon a combination or split up of ADRs.
20
Withdrawal of Ordinary Shares Upon Cancellation of ADSs
As a holder, you will be entitled to present your ADSs to the depositary bank for cancellation and then receive the corresponding number of underlying ordinary shares at the custodian’s offices. Your ability to withdraw the ordinary shares held in respect of the ADSs may be limited by U.S. and French law considerations applicable at the time of withdrawal. In order to withdraw the ordinary shares represented by your ADSs, you will be required to pay to the depositary bank the fees for cancellation of ADSs and any charges and taxes payable upon the transfer of the ordinary shares. You assume the risk for delivery of all funds and securities upon withdrawal. Once canceled, the ADSs will not have any rights under the deposit agreement.
If you hold ADSs registered in your name, the depositary bank may ask you to provide proof of identity and genuineness of any signature and such other documents as the depositary bank may deem appropriate before it will cancel your ADSs. The withdrawal of the ordinary shares represented by your ADSs may be delayed until the depositary bank receives satisfactory evidence of compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. Please keep in mind that the depositary bank will only accept ADSs for cancellation that represent a whole number of securities on deposit.
You will have the right to withdraw the securities represented by your ADSs at any time except for:
Temporary delays that may arise because (i) the transfer books for the ordinary shares or ADSs are closed, or (ii) ordinary shares are immobilized on account of a shareholders’ meeting or a payment of dividends.
Obligations to pay fees, taxes and similar charges.
Restrictions imposed because of laws or regulations applicable to ADSs or the withdrawal of securities on deposit.
The deposit agreement may not be modified to impair your right to withdraw the securities represented by your ADSs except to comply with mandatory provisions of law.
Voting Rights
As a holder, you generally have the right under the deposit agreement to instruct the depositary bank to exercise the voting rights for the ordinary shares represented by your ADSs. The voting rights of holders of ordinary shares are described in the section of this prospectus entitled “Description of Share Capital.”
At our request, the depositary bank will distribute to you any notice of shareholders’ meeting received from us together with information explaining how to instruct the depositary bank to exercise the voting rights of the securities represented by ADSs. In lieu of distributing such materials, the depositary bank may distribute to holders of ADSs instructions on how to retrieve such materials upon request.
If the depositary bank timely receives voting instructions from a holder of ADSs, it will endeavor to vote the securities (in person or by proxy) represented by the holder’s ADSs in accordance with such voting instructions.
Securities for which no voting instructions have been received will not be voted (except as otherwise contemplated in the deposit agreement). Please note that the ability of the depositary bank to carry out voting instructions may be limited by practical and legal limitations and the terms of the securities on deposit. We cannot assure you that you will receive voting materials in time to enable you to return voting instructions to the depositary bank in a timely manner.
21
Fees and Charges
As an ADS holder, you will be required to pay the following fees under the terms of the deposit agreement:
Service
Fees
Issuance of ADSs (e.g., an issuance of ADS upon a deposit of ordinary shares, upon a change in the ADS(s)-to-ordinary share ratio, or for any other reason), excluding ADS issuances as a result of distributions of ordinary shares)
Up to U.S. 5¢ per ADS issued
Cancellation of ADSs (e.g., a cancellation of ADSs for delivery of deposited property, upon a change in the ADS(s)-to-ordinary share ratio, or for any other reason)
Up to U.S. 5¢ per ADS cancelled
Distribution of cash dividends or other cash distributions (e.g., upon a sale of rights and other entitlements)
Up to U.S. 5¢ per ADS held
Distribution of ADSs pursuant to (i) share dividends or other free share distributions, or (ii) exercise of rights to purchase additional ADSs
Up to U.S. 5¢ per ADS held
Distribution of securities other than ADSs or rights to purchase additional ADSs (e.g., upon a spin-off)
Up to U.S. 5¢ per ADS held
ADS Services
Up to U.S. 5¢ per ADS held on the applicable record date(s) established by the depositary bank
Registration of ADS transfers (e.g., upon a registration of the transfer of registered ownership of ADSs, upon a transfer of ADSs into DTC and
vice versa
, or for any other reason)
Up to U.S. 5¢ per ADS (or fraction thereof) transferred
Conversion of ADSs of one series for ADSs of another series (e.g., upon conversion of Partial Entitlement ADSs for Full Entitlement ADSs, or upon conversion of Restricted ADSs (each as defined in the Deposit Agreement) into freely transferable ADSs, and
vice versa
).
Up to U.S. 5¢ per ADS (or fraction thereof) converted
As an ADS holder you will also be responsible to pay certain charges such as:
taxes (including applicable interest and penalties) and other governmental charges;
the registration fees as may from time to time be in effect for the registration of ordinary shares on the share register and applicable to transfers of ordinary shares to or from the name of the custodian, the depositary bank or any nominees upon the making of deposits and withdrawals, respectively;
certain cable, telex and facsimile transmission and delivery expenses;
the fees, expenses, spreads, taxes and other charges of the depositary bank and/or service providers (which may be a division, branch or affiliate of the depositary bank) in the conversion of foreign currency;
the reasonable and customary out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the depositary bank in connection with compliance with exchange control regulations and other regulatory requirements applicable to ordinary shares, ADSs and ADRs; and
the fees, charges, costs and expenses incurred by the depositary bank, the custodian, or any nominee in connection with the ADR program.
ADS fees and charges for (i) the issuance of ADSs, and (ii) the cancellation of ADSs are charged to the person for whom the ADSs are issued (in the case of ADS issuances) and to the person for whom ADSs are cancelled (in
22
the case of ADS cancellations). In the case of ADSs issued by the depositary bank into DTC, the ADS issuance and cancellation fees and charges may be deducted from distributions made through DTC, and may be charged to the DTC participant(s) receiving the ADSs being issued or the DTC participant(s) holding the ADSs being cancelled, as the case may be, on behalf of the beneficial owner(s) and will be charged by the DTC participant(s) to the account of the applicable beneficial owner(s) in accordance with the procedures and practices of the DTC participants as in effect at the time. ADS fees and charges in respect of distributions and the ADS service fee are charged to the holders as of the applicable ADS record date. In the case of distributions of cash, the amount of the applicable ADS fees and charges is deducted from the funds being distributed. In the case of (i) distributions other than cash and (ii) the ADS service fee, holders as of the ADS record date will be invoiced for the amount of the ADS fees and charges and such ADS fees and charges may be deducted from distributions made to holders of ADSs. For ADSs held through DTC, the ADS fees and charges for distributions other than cash and the ADS service fee may be deducted from distributions made through DTC, and may be charged to the DTC participants in accordance with the procedures and practices prescribed by DTC and the DTC participants in turn charge the amount of such ADS fees and charges to the beneficial owners for whom they hold ADSs. In the case of (i) registration of ADS transfers, the ADS transfer fee will be payable by the ADS Holder whose ADSs are being transferred or by the person to whom the ADSs are transferred, and (ii) conversion of ADSs of one series for ADSs of another series, the ADS conversion fee will be payable by the Holder whose ADSs are converted or by the person to whom the converted ADSs are delivered.
In the event of refusal to pay the depositary bank fees, the depositary bank may, under the terms of the deposit agreement, refuse the requested service until payment is received or may set off the amount of the depositary bank fees from any distribution to be made to the ADS holder. You will receive prior notice of such changes. The depositary bank may reimburse us for certain expenses incurred by us in respect of the ADR program, by making available a portion of the ADS fees charged in respect of the ADR program or otherwise, upon such terms and conditions as we and the depositary bank agree from time to time.
Amendments and Termination
We may agree with the depositary bank to modify the deposit agreement at any time without your consent. We undertake to give holders 30 days’ prior notice of any modifications that would materially prejudice any of their substantial rights under the deposit agreement. We will not consider to be materially prejudicial to your substantial rights any modifications or supplements that are reasonably necessary for the ADSs to be registered under the Securities Act or to be eligible for book-entry settlement, in each case without imposing or increasing the fees and charges you are required to pay. In addition, we may not be able to provide you with prior notice of any modifications or supplements that are required to accommodate compliance with applicable provisions of law.
You will be bound by the modifications to the deposit agreement if you continue to hold your ADSs after the modifications to the deposit agreement become effective. The deposit agreement cannot be amended to prevent you from withdrawing the ordinary shares represented by your ADSs (except as permitted by law).
We have the right to direct the depositary bank to terminate the deposit agreement. Similarly, the depositary bank may in certain circumstances on its own initiative terminate the deposit agreement. In either case, the depositary bank must give notice to the holders at least 30 days before termination. Until termination, your rights under the deposit agreement will be unaffected.
After termination, the depositary bank will continue to collect distributions received (but will not distribute any such property until you request the cancellation of your ADSs) and may sell the securities held on deposit. After the sale, the depositary bank will hold the proceeds from such sale and any other funds then held for the holders of ADSs in a non-interest bearing account. At that point, the depositary bank will have no further obligations to holders other than to account for the funds then held for the holders of ADSs still outstanding (after deduction of applicable fees, taxes and expenses).
In connection with any termination of the deposit agreement, the depositary bank may make available to owners of ADSs a means to withdraw the ordinary shares represented by ADSs and to direct the depositary of such ordinary shares into an unsponsored American depositary share program established by the depositary bank. The ability to receive unsponsored American depositary shares upon termination of the deposit agreement would be subject to satisfaction of certain U.S. regulatory requirements applicable to the creation of unsponsored American depositary shares and the payment of applicable depositary fees.
23
Books of Depositary
The depositary bank will maintain ADS holder records at its depositary office. You may inspect such records at such office during regular business hours but solely for the purpose of communicating with other holders in the interest of business matters relating to the ADSs and the deposit agreement.
The depositary bank will maintain in New York facilities to record and process the issuance, cancellation, combination, split-up and transfer of ADSs. These facilities may be closed from time to time, to the extent not prohibited by law.
Limitations on Obligations and Liabilities
•    The deposit agreement limits our obligations and the depositary bank’s obligations to you. Please note the following:
•    We and the depositary bank are obligated only to take the actions specifically stated in the deposit agreement without negligence or bad faith.
•    The depositary bank disclaims any liability for any failure to carry out voting instructions, for any manner in which a vote is cast or for the effect of any vote, provided it acts in good faith and in accordance with the terms of the deposit agreement.
•    The depositary bank disclaims any liability for any failure to determine the lawfulness or practicality of any action, for the content of any document forwarded to you on our behalf or for the accuracy of any translation of such a document, for the investment risks associated with investing in ordinary shares, for the validity or worth of the ordinary shares, for any tax consequences that result from the ownership of ADSs, for the credit-worthiness of any third party, for allowing any rights to lapse under the terms of the deposit agreement, for the timeliness of any of our notices or for our failure to give notice.
•    We and the depositary bank will not be obligated to perform any act that is inconsistent with the terms of the deposit agreement.
•    We and the depositary bank disclaim any liability if we or the depositary bank are prevented or forbidden from or subject to any civil or criminal penalty or restraint on account of, or delayed in, doing or performing any act or thing required by the terms of the deposit agreement, by reason of any provision, present or future of any law or regulation, or by reason of present or future provision of any provision of our by-laws, or any provision of or governing the securities on deposit, or by reason of any act of God or war or other circumstances beyond our control.
•    We and the depositary bank disclaim any liability by reason of any exercise of, or failure to exercise, any discretion provided for in the deposit agreement or in our by-laws or in any provisions of or governing the securities on deposit.
•    We and the depositary bank further disclaim any liability for any action or inaction in reliance on the advice or information received from legal counsel, accountants, any person presenting Shares for deposit, any holder of ADSs or authorized representatives thereof, or any other person believed by either of us in good faith to be competent to give such advice or information.
•    We and the depositary bank also disclaim liability for the inability by a holder to benefit from any distribution, offering, right or other benefit that is made available to holders of ordinary shares but is not, under the terms of the deposit agreement, made available to you.
•    We and the depositary bank may rely without any liability upon any written notice, request or other document believed to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper parties.
•    We and the depositary bank also disclaim liability for any consequential or punitive damages for any breach of the terms of the deposit agreement.
•    No disclaimer of any Securities Act liability is intended by any provision of the deposit agreement.
•    Nothing in the deposit agreement gives rise to a partnership or joint venture, or establishes a fiduciary relationship, among us, the depositary bank and you as ADS holder.
•    Nothing in the deposit agreement precludes Citibank (or its affiliates) from engaging in transactions in which parties adverse to us or the ADS owners have interests, and nothing in the deposit agreement obligates Citibank to disclose those transactions, or any information obtained in the course of those transactions, to us or to the ADS owners, or to account for any payment received as part of those transactions.
24
As the above limitations relate to our obligations and the depositary’s obligations to you under the deposit agreement, we believe that, as a matter of construction of the clause, such limitations would likely to continue to apply to ADS holders who withdraw the ordinary shares from the ADS facility with respect to obligations or liabilities incurred under the deposit agreement before the cancellation of the ADSs and the withdrawal of the ordinary shares, and such limitations would most likely not apply to ADS holders who withdraw the ordinary shares from the ADS facility with respect to obligations or liabilities incurred after the cancellation of the ADSs and the withdrawal of the ordinary shares and not under the deposit agreement.
In any event, you will not be deemed, by agreeing to the terms of the deposit agreement, to have waived our or the depositary’s compliance with U.S. federal securities laws and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. In fact, you cannot waive our or the depositary’s compliance with U.S. federal securities laws and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
Taxes
You will be responsible for the taxes and other governmental charges payable on the ADSs and the securities represented by the ADSs. We, the depositary bank and the custodian may deduct from any distribution the taxes and governmental charges payable by holders and may sell any and all property on deposit to pay the taxes and governmental charges payable by holders. You will be liable for any deficiency if the sale proceeds do not cover the taxes that are due.
The depositary bank may refuse to issue ADSs, to deliver, transfer, split and combine ADRs or to release securities on deposit until all taxes and charges are paid by the applicable holder. The depositary bank and the custodian may take reasonable administrative actions to obtain tax refunds and reduced tax withholding for any distributions on your behalf. However, you may be required to provide to the depositary bank and to the custodian proof of taxpayer status and residence and such other information as the depositary bank and the custodian may require to fulfill legal obligations. You are required to indemnify us, the depositary bank and the custodian for any claims with respect to taxes based on any tax benefit obtained for you.
Foreign Currency Conversion
The depositary bank will arrange for the conversion of all foreign currency received into U.S. dollars if such conversion is practical, and it will distribute the U.S. dollars in accordance with the terms of the deposit agreement. You may have to pay fees and expenses incurred in converting foreign currency, such as fees and expenses incurred in complying with currency exchange controls and other governmental requirements.
If the conversion of foreign currency is not practical or lawful, or if any required approvals are denied or not obtainable at a reasonable cost or within a reasonable period, the depositary bank may take the following actions in its discretion:
Convert the foreign currency to the extent practical and lawful and distribute the U.S. dollars to the holders for whom the conversion and distribution is lawful and practical.
Distribute the foreign currency to holders for whom the distribution is lawful and practical.
Hold the foreign currency (without liability for interest) for the applicable holders.
Governing Law/Waiver of Jury Trial
The deposit agreement, the ADRs and the ADSs will be interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. The rights of holders of ordinary shares (including ordinary shares represented by ADSs) are governed by the laws of France.
As an owner of ADSs, you irrevocably agree that any legal action arising out of the Deposit Agreement, the ADSs or the ADRs involving us or the Depositary may only be instituted in a state or federal court in the city of New York.
AS A PARTY TO THE DEPOSIT AGREEMENT, YOU IRREVOCABLY WAIVE, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOUR RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF THE DEPOSIT AGREEMENT OR THE ADRs AGAINST US AND/OR THE DEPOSITARY BANK.
25
The deposit agreement provides that, to the extent permitted by law, ADS holders waive the right to a jury trial of any claim they may have against us or the depositary arising out of or relating to our ordinary shares, the ADSs or the deposit agreement, including any claim under U.S. federal securities laws. If we or the depositary opposed a jury trial demand based on the waiver, the court would determine whether the waiver was enforceable in the facts and circumstances of that case in accordance with applicable case law. Howe