EX-2.1
3
exhibit21descriptionofsecu.htm
EX-2.1 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES REGISTERED UNDER SECTION 12
Exhibit 2.1 Description of Securities (4922-2290-8813.2)
EXHIBIT 2.1
DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES
REGISTERED UNDER SECTION 12 OF THE EXCHANGE ACT
As of 31 December 2025, Equinor ASA (“Equinor,” the “company,” “we,” “us,” and “our”) had
the following series of securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
Title of each class
Trading symbol(s)
Name of each exchange on which
registered
American Depositary Shares
EQNR
New York Stock Exchange
Ordinary shares, nominal value of
NOK 2.50 each
New York Stock Exchange*
*   Listed, not for trading, but only in connection with the registration of American Depositary
Shares, pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”)
Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the meanings given to them in our annual
report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended 31 December 2025 (the “Annual Report”).
ORDINARY SHARES
General
This is a summary of material information relating to our share capital, including summaries of
certain provisions of our articles of association and the applicable Norwegian law in effect at the
date of the Annual Report, including the Norwegian Public Limited Liability Companies Act.
You should refer to the full text of our articles of association in English, which is filed as Exhibit
1 to the Annual Report.
Share Capital
As of 31 December 2025, our authorised share capital was NOK 6,392,018,780.00, divided into
2,556,807,512 ordinary shares, with a nominal value of NOK 2.50 per ordinary share. The
ordinary shares are in registered form. As of 31 December 2025, 2,500,271,030 ordinary shares
were issued and outstanding (excluding repurchased shares).
We have only one class of shares and all shares have voting rights. The holders of shares are
entitled to receive dividends as and when declared and are entitled to one vote per share at the
annual general meeting of the company.
Authorisation to Acquire Our Own Shares
The annual general meeting authorised on 14 May 2025, the board of directors to acquire
Equinor ASA shares in the market, on behalf of the company, with a total nominal value of up to
NOK 210,000,000 for subsequent cancellation. The board of directors is authorised to decide at
what price within minimum and maximum prices per share of NOK 50 and NOK 1,000,
respectively, and at what time such acquisition shall take place. Shares acquired pursuant to this
authorisation can only be used for cancellation through a reduction of the company’s share
capital, pursuant to the Norwegian Public Limited Liability Companies Act section 12-1. The
authorisation is valid until the next annual general meeting, but not beyond 30 June 2026.
Further, on 14 May 2025, the annual general meeting authorised the board of directors to acquire
Equinor ASA shares in the market, on behalf of the company, with a total nominal value of up to
NOK 36,000,000 to continue operation of share-based incentive plans for employees. The board
of directors is authorised to decide the price within minimum and maximum prices per share of
NOK 50 and NOK 1,000, respectively, and the time of such acquisition. Shares acquired
pursuant to this authorisation may only be used for sale and transfer to employees of the Equinor
group as a part of the group’s share-based incentive plans, as approved by the board of directors.
The authorisation is valid until 30 June 2026.
General Meetings
In accordance with Norwegian law, our annual general meeting of shareholders is required to be
held each year by the end of June. The meeting addresses and decides adoption of the annual
report and accounts, including the distribution of any dividend and any other matters required by
law or the articles of association.
Norwegian law requires that written notice of general meetings be sent to all shareholders whose
addresses are known at least 21 days prior to the date of the meeting. A shareholder may vote at
the general meeting either in person or by proxy.
Norwegian law does not require us to send proxy forms to our shareholders for general meetings
as long as such proxy forms are made available on our webpage and the notice for general
meetings includes the link to such website. However, we plan to continue to send proxy forms
with future notices of general meetings.
Our articles of association provide that shareholders may vote in writing, including through
electronic communication, during a specified period before the general meeting.
In addition to the annual general meeting, extraordinary general meetings of shareholders may be
held if deemed necessary by the board of directors, the corporate assembly or the Chair of the
corporate assembly. An extraordinary general meeting must also be convened for the
consideration of specific matters at the written request of our auditors or of shareholders
representing a total of at least 5% of the outstanding share capital.
Voting Rights
All of our ordinary shares carry equal right to vote at general meetings. Except as otherwise
provided, decisions which shareholders are entitled to make pursuant to Norwegian law or our
articles of association may be made by a simple majority of the votes cast. In the case of
elections, the persons who obtain the most votes cast are deemed elected. However, certain
decisions, including, but not limited to resolutions to waive preferential rights in connection with
any share issue, to approve a merger or demerger, to amend our articles of association, to
authorise an increase or reduction in our share capital, to issue convertible loans and certain other
financial instruments or to authorise the board of directors to purchase shares, must receive the
approval of at least two-thirds of the aggregate number of votes cast as well as two-thirds of the
share capital represented at a shareholders’ meeting.
The record date for attending and voting at the general meeting is five business days prior to the
general meeting (the “Record Date”). The notice of the general meeting shall state the time of the
Record Date. Beneficial owners of shares which are registered in the name of a nominee,
including for this purpose beneficial owners of American Depositary Shares (“ADSs”) are
generally entitled to vote at the general meeting with respect to shares they beneficially own on
the Record Date. According to the Norwegian Public Limited Liability Companies Act § 1-8, as
well as regulations on intermediaries covered by the Central Securities Act § 4-5 and related
implementing regulations, the notice of the general meeting is sent to custodians who pass the
notice on to shareholders for whom they hold shares. Shareholders must communicate with their
custodians, who are responsible for conveying votes, proxies or enrollment. Custodians must
according to Section 5-3 of the Public Limited Liability Companies Act register participation by
owners of nominee- registered shares in the general meeting with the company no later than 2
working days before the general meeting.
The Central Securities Depository and Transfer of Shares
Euronext Securities Oslo (Verdipapirsentralen ASA, “ES-OSL” or “VPS”) is Norway’s central
securities depository. It is a computerized bookkeeping system in which the ownership of, and all
transactions relating to, Norwegian listed shares must be recorded. Our share register is operated
through the VPS System.
All transactions relating to securities registered with the VPS System are made through
computerized book entries. No physical share certificates are or can be issued. The VPS System
confirms each entry by sending a transcript to the registered shareholder regardless of beneficial
ownership. To effect these entries, the individual shareholder must establish a securities’ account
with a Norwegian account agent. Norwegian banks, the Central Bank of Norway, authorised
investment firms in Norway, and Norwegian branches of credit institutions established within the
European Economic Area are allowed to act as account agents.
The entry of a transaction in the VPS System is
prima facie
evidence in determining the legal
rights of parties as against the issuing company or a third party claiming an interest in the subject
security.
The VPS System is liable for any loss suffered as a result of faulty registration or an amendment
to, or deletion of, rights in respect of registered securities unless the error is caused by matters
outside the VPS’ control, the consequences of which the VPS could not reasonably be expected
to avoid or overcome. Damages payable by the VPS may, however, be reduced in the event of
contributory negligence by the aggrieved party. A transferee or assignee of shares may not
exercise the rights of a shareholder with respect to his or her shares unless that transferee or
assignee has registered his or her shareholding or has reported and shown evidence of such share
acquisition and the acquisition of such shares is not prevented by law, our articles of association
or otherwise.
Amendments to our Articles of Association, including Variation of Rights
The affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the votes cast and of the share capital represented at
the general meeting is required to amend our articles of association. Any amendment, or other
resolution, which would reduce any shareholder’s right in respect of dividend payments or other
rights to our assets or restrict the transferability of shares requires a majority vote of at least 90%
of the aggregate share capital represented in a general meeting, as well as the majority required
for the amendment of the articles of association. Because the Norwegian State, acting through
the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Fisheries, holds more than two-thirds of the shares in the
company, it currently has the sole power to amend our articles of association.
Certain types of changes in the rights of our shareholders require the consent of all affected
shareholders. If such resolutions only affect some of the shareholders, the resolutions require the
support of all affected shareholders, as well as the majority required for the amendment of the
articles of association.
Additional Issuances and Preferential Rights
If we issue any new shares, including bonus share issues, our articles of association must be
amended, which requires the same vote as other amendments to our articles of association. In
addition, under Norwegian law, our shareholders have a preferential right to subscribe to new
shares issued by us. The preferential rights to subscribe to an issue may be waived by a
resolution in a general meeting passed by the same percentage threshold required to approve
amendments to our articles of association.
The general meeting may, with a majority vote as described above, authorise the board of
directors to issue new shares, and to waive the preferential rights of shareholders in connection
with such issuances. Such authorisation may be effective for a maximum of two years, and the
total par value of the shares to be issued may not exceed 50% of the registered share capital
when the authorisation is registered in the Norwegian Register of Business Enterprises.
The issuance of shares to holders who are citizens or residents of the United States upon the
exercise of preferential rights may require us to file a registration statement in the United States
under United States securities laws. If we decide not to file a registration statement, these holders
may not be able to exercise their preferential rights.
Under Norwegian law, bonus share issues may be distributed, subject to shareholder approval, by
transfer from our distributable equity. Any bonus issues may be effected either by issuing shares
or by increasing the par value of the shares outstanding.
Minority Rights
Norwegian law contains a number of protections for minority shareholders against oppression by
the majority including but not limited to those described in this paragraph. Any shareholder may
petition the courts to have a decision of the general meeting declared invalid on the grounds that
it was unlawfully adopted or is otherwise in conflict with statute or the articles of association of
the company. In certain grave circumstances shareholders may require the courts to dissolve the
company as a result of such a decision. A shareholder may also demand a dissolution if any of
the company’s bodies has adopted a decision which is suited to give certain shareholders or
others an unreasonable benefit at the expense of other shareholders or the company.
Minority shareholders holding 5% or more of our share capital have a right to demand that we
hold an extraordinary general meeting to discuss or resolve specific matters. In addition, any
shareholder may demand that we place an item on the agenda for any general meeting if we are
notified at least within seven days before the deadline for convening the general meeting.
Mandatory Bid Requirement
Norwegian law requires any person, entity or consolidated group that acquires more than one-
third of the voting rights of a Norwegian company listed on a Norwegian regulated market, such
as the Oslo Stock Exchange (“OSE”), to make, within four weeks of such acquisition, an
unconditional general offer to acquire the remaining shares in that company. The mandatory bid
obligation ceases to apply if the person subject to the obligation disposes of the portion of shares
exceeding the mandatory bid threshold within such four week period. The party must
immediately notify the stock exchange and the company when it enters into an agreement to
acquire shares that will trigger the duty to make a mandatory offer. Until a bid is made, or a sale
is effective, the relevant party cannot vote the portion of its shares which exceeds the mandatory
bid threshold or exercise any rights of share ownership in respect of such shares, other than the
right to receive dividends and preferential rights in the event of a share capital increase.
The offer is subject to approval by the Oslo Stock Exchange in its capacity as Norwegian
takeover supervisory authority before submission of the offer to the shareholders. The offer must
be in cash or contain a cash alternative at least equivalent to any other consideration offered. The
bid price shall be at least as high as the highest payment the offeror has made or agreed to make
in the six-month prior to the time the mandatory bid obligation was triggered, but equal to the
market price if it is clear that the market price was higher at the point the mandatory bid
obligation was triggered. The period for acceptance of the bid must be within four and six weeks.
A shareholder that fails to make a bid within the four week period may not, as long as the
mandatory bid requirement applies and unless the remaining shareholders so approve, exercise
rights of share ownership with respect to all its shares other than the right to receive dividends
and preferential rights in the event of a share capital increase. In addition, the takeover
supervisory authority may impose a daily fine upon a shareholder who fails to make the required
offer. If no bid is made, and the period allowed for sale is exceeded, the takeover supervisory
authority may sell the shares under the rules governing forced sales.
Any person, entity or consolidated group that owns shares representing more than one-third of
the voting rights in a company is obliged to make an offer to acquire the remaining shares of the
company if the person, entity or consolidated group becomes the owner of shares representing
40% or more of the voting rights in the company through an acquisition (repeated mandatory
offer obligation). The same applies if the shareholder becomes the owner of 50% or more of the
voting rights in the company through an acquisition.
Compulsory Acquisition
A shareholder who, directly or via subsidiaries, acquires shares representing more than 90% of
the total number of issued shares, as well as more than 90% of the total voting rights, has the
right to effect a compulsory acquisition for cash of any shares not already owned by the majority
shareholder (and each remaining minority shareholder of that company would have the right to
require the majority shareholder to effect a compulsory acquisition for cash of the shares not
already owned by such majority shareholder). A compulsory acquisition has the effect that the
majority shareholder becomes the owner of the shares of the minority shareholders with
immediate effect.
A majority shareholder who effects a compulsory acquisition is required to offer the minority
shareholders a specific price per share. The determination of the offer price is at the discretion of
the majority shareholder. However, where the shareholder, after making a mandatory or
voluntary offer, has acquired more than 90% of the voting shares of a company and a
corresponding proportion of the voting rights, and the shareholder completes a compulsory
acquisition of the remaining shares within three months after the expiry of the offer period, the
redemption price shall be determined on the basis of the offer price in the mandatory / voluntary
offer unless specific reasons indicate another price.
Should any minority shareholder not accept the offered price, such minority shareholder must
notify the majority shareholder within a specified period of not less than two months. If the
parties do not come to an agreement on the offer price, each party can request that the price be
set by the Norwegian courts. The cost of such court procedure would normally be charged to the
account of the majority shareholder, and the courts would have full discretion in determining the
consideration due to the minority shareholder as a result of the compulsory acquisition on the
basis of the true value of the company.
Our Directors and Corporate Assembly
We have a corporate assembly comprising 18 members and deputy members. The annual general
meeting of shareholders elects 12 members with four deputy members, and six members with
deputy members are elected by and among the employees. Members of the corporate assembly
are normally elected for a term of two years. There is no quorum requirement, and nominees who
receive the most votes are elected. Any shareholder at the meeting may place nominations before
the meeting. A member of the corporate assembly (other than a member elected by employees)
may be removed by the shareholders at any time without cause.
We have a nomination committee that makes recommendations to the general meeting regarding
the election of shareholder-elected members of the corporate assembly and their deputies. The
committee consists of four members who must be shareholders or representatives of shareholders
and who must be independent of the board of directors and the company’s management. The
members of the nomination committee, including the chair, are elected by the annual general
meeting. The chair of the committee and one other member are elected among the shareholder-
elected members of the corporate assembly. Each member is elected for a two-year term.
Our articles of association provide that the board of directors shall consist of 9 to 11 directors.
The board of directors, including the chair and the deputy chair, are elected by our corporate
assembly for a period of up to two years and may also be removed from office by our corporate
assembly. If requested by at least one-third of the members of the corporate assembly, up to one-
third of the directors must be employee representatives. Our nomination committee makes
recommendations to the corporate assembly regarding the election of shareholder-elected
directors of the board and their deputies (if any). Half of the corporate assembly members elected
by the employees may demand that the members of the board of directors be elected by the
shareholder-elected members of the corporate assembly and the employee-elected members of
the corporate assembly, each voting as a separate group. A director (other than a director elected
directly by the employee members) may be removed at any time by the corporate assembly
without cause.
The corporate assembly makes decisions by majority vote, and more than half must be present
for a quorum. If votes are tied, the chair of the meeting casts the deciding vote.
Payment of Dividends
We announce dividends on a quarterly basis. The board of directors approves interim dividends
for the first to third quarters under an authorisation from the annual general meeting, while the
annual general meeting approves the fourth quarter (and total annual) dividend based on a
proposal from the board. When determining the interim dividends and recommending the total
annual dividend level, the board of directors takes into account,
inter alia
, expected cash flow,
capital expenditure plans, financing requirements and appropriate financial flexibility.
In addition to cash dividends, Equinor may undertake share buy-backs as part of the distribution
of capital to shareholders.
The shareholders at the annual general meeting may vote to reduce, but may not increase, the
dividend proposed by the board of directors. Equinor announces dividend payments in
connection with quarterly results. Payment of quarterly dividends is expected to take place
approximately four months after the announcement of each quarterly dividend.
Equinor declares dividends in USD. The NOK-per-share amount will be calculated and
communicated four business days after the dividend record date for shareholders at Oslo Børs.
Rights of Redemption and Repurchase of Shares
Our articles of association do not authorise the redemption of shares. In the absence of
authorisation, the redemption of shares may still be decided by a general meeting of shareholders
by a two-thirds majority under certain conditions. However, the share redemption would, for all
practical purposes, depend on the consent of all shareholders whose shares are redeemed.
A Norwegian company may purchase its own shares if an authorisation to do so has been given
by a general meeting with the approval of at least two-thirds of the aggregate number of votes
cast as well as two-thirds of the share capital represented at the meeting. The aggregate par value
of treasury shares held by the company must not exceed 10% of the company’s share capital and
treasury shares may only be acquired if the company’s distributable equity, according to the
latest adopted balance sheet, exceeds the consideration to be paid for the shares. The
authorisation by the general meeting cannot be given for a period exceeding two years. See
“Authorisation to Acquire Our Own Shares” above.
Shareholders’ Votes on Certain Reorganizations
A decision to merge with another company or to demerge requires a resolution of our
shareholders at a general meeting passed by a two-thirds majority of the aggregate votes cast as
well as two-thirds of the aggregate share capital represented at the general meeting. A merger
plan or demerger plan signed by the board of directors along with certain other required
documentation must be made available to the shareholders on the company’s website at least one
month prior to the shareholders’ meeting.
Material Agreements
The general meeting must approve any material agreement between Equinor and a related party.
A material agreement comprises agreements under which the fair value of the company’s
obligations exceed 2.5% of Equinor’s total equity and liabilities, as presented on its last approved
annual financial statement. In voting on whether to grant such approval, voting rights cannot be
exercised in respect of shares held by the related party or by another enterprise in the same
company group. The general meeting’s approval is not required for agreements concluded with a
wholly owned subsidiary or in the ordinary course of business entered into on customary
business terms and principles. Additional exceptions follow from the Norwegian Public Limited
Liability Companies Act.
Liability of Directors
Our directors, the Chief Executive Officer and the members of the corporate assembly owe a
fiduciary duty to the company and its shareholders. Their fiduciary duty requires that they act in
our best interests when exercising their functions and exercise a general duty of loyalty and care
toward us. Their principal task is to safeguard the interests of the company.
Our directors, the Chief Executive Officer and the members of the corporate assembly can each
be held liable for any damage they negligently or wilfully cause us. Norwegian law permits the
general meeting to exempt any such person from liability, but the exemption is not binding if
substantially correct and complete information was not provided at the general meeting when the
decision was taken. If a resolution to grant such exemption from liability or to not pursue claims
against such a person has been passed by a general meeting with a smaller majority than that
required to amend our articles of association, shareholders representing more than 10% of the
share capital or (if there are more than 100 shareholders) more than 10% of the number of
shareholders may pursue the claim on our behalf and in our name. The cost of any such action is
not our responsibility, but can be recovered by any proceeds we receive as a result of the action.
If the decision to grant exemption from liability or to not pursue claims is made by such a
majority as is necessary to amend the articles of association, the minority shareholders cannot
pursue the claim in our name.
Indemnification of Directors and Officers
Neither Norwegian law nor our articles of association contain any provision concerning
indemnification by us of our board of directors.
Distribution of Assets on Liquidation
Under Norwegian law, a company may be wound-up by a resolution of the company’s
shareholders in a general meeting passed by both a two-thirds majority of the aggregate votes
cast and two-thirds of the aggregate share capital represented at the meeting. The shares rank
equal in the event of a return on capital by the company upon a winding-up or otherwise.
Exchange Controls and Other Limitations Affecting Shareholders of a Norwegian
Company
Under the Norwegian foreign exchange control law, transfers of capital to and from Norway are
not subject to prior government approval. An exception applies to the physical transfer of
payments in currency exceeding certain thresholds, which must be declared to the Norwegian
custom authorities. This means that non-Norwegian resident shareholders may receive dividend
payments without Norwegian exchange control consent as long as the payment is made through a
licensed bank or other licensed payment institution. Transferring banks are required to submit
reports on foreign currency exchange transactions into and out of Norway into a central data
register maintained by the Norwegian tax authorities. The Norwegian police, tax authorities,
customs and excise authorities, the Labour and Welfare Administration and the Norwegian FSA
have electronic access to the data in this register, and certain other entities also have access such
as the Norwegian central bank, the Norwegian Ministry of Foreign Affairs and trustees in
bankruptcy estates
There are no restrictions affecting the rights of non-Norwegian residents or foreign owners to
hold or vote for our shares.
AMERICAN DEPOSITARY SHARES
This section summarizes certain material provisions of the Amended and Restated Deposit
Agreement, dated as of 4 February 2019, among Equinor ASA, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as
depositary, and the holders from time to time of American Depositary Receipts (“ADRs”). We
refer to this agreement as the “deposit agreement.” We do not, however, describe every aspect of
the deposit agreement, which has been filed as an exhibit to our registration statement on Form
F-6, filed on 13 October 2022. You should read the deposit agreement for a more detailed
description of the terms of the ADRs. Additional copies of the deposit agreement are available
for inspection at the principal office of the depositary in New York, which is presently located at
383 Madison Avenue, Floor 11, New York, New York, 10179.
American Depositary Receipts
The depositary issued ADRs evidencing American depositary shares pursuant to the deposit
agreement. Each ADS represents one ordinary share. Only persons in whose names ADRs are
registered on the books of the depositary will be treated by the depositary and us as holders of
ADRs. Unless certificated ADRs are specifically requested by you, all ADSs will be issued on
the books of our depositary in book-entry form and periodic statements will be mailed to you
which reflect your ownership interest in such ADSs. In our description, references to American
depositary receipts or ADRs shall include the statements you will receive which reflect your
ownership of ADSs.
You may hold ADSs either directly or indirectly through your broker or other financial
institution. If you hold ADSs directly, by having an ADS registered in your name on the books
of the depositary, you are an ADR holder. This description assumes you hold your ADSs
directly. If you hold the ADSs through your broker or financial institution nominee, you must
rely on the procedures of such broker or financial institution to assert the rights of an ADR
holder described herein. You should consult with your broker or financial institution to find out
what those procedures are.
Pursuant to the terms of the deposit agreement, registered holders of ADRs and all persons
holding any interest in ADRs and/or ADSs will be subject to any applicable disclosure
requirements regarding acquisition and ownership of, or interests in, ordinary shares as are
applicable pursuant to the terms of our articles of association or other provisions of or governing
the ordinary shares. In order to enforce such disclosure requirements, we reserve the right to
instruct ADR holders to deliver their ADSs for cancellation and withdrawal of the deposited
securities so as to permit us to deal directly with the holder thereof as a holder of ordinary shares,
and, by being a holder of an ADR, ADR holders are contractually agreeing to comply with such
instructions. The depositary has agreed, subject to the terms and conditions of the deposit
agreement, to cooperate with Equinor in its efforts to inform ADR holders of any exercise by us
of our rights to instruct ADR holders to deliver their ADSs for cancellation, and to consult with
and provide us with reasonable assistance without risk, liability or expense on the part of the
depositary, on the manner or manners in which we may enforce such rights with respect to any
ADR holder.
The depositary will keep, at its transfer office, (i) a register for the registration, registration of
transfer, combination and split-up of ADRs, which at all reasonable times will be open for
inspection by holders of ADRs and us for the purpose of communicating with holders in the
interest of our business or a matter relating to the deposit agreement and (ii) facilities for the
delivery and receipt of ADRs.
Deposit, Transfer and Withdrawal
The depositary has agreed that upon delivery of our ordinary shares (or rights to receive our
ordinary shares from us or any registrar, transfer agent, clearing agency or other entity recording
ordinary share ownership or transactions for us) to their custodian, which is currently Nordea
Bank ABP, filial i Norge, and in accordance with the procedures set forth in the deposit
agreement, the depositary will issue ADRs for delivery at its designated transfer office.
Upon surrender at the office of the depositary of an ADR for the purpose of withdrawal of the
deposited securities represented by the ADSs evidenced by such ADR, and upon payment of the
fees, governmental charges and taxes provided in the deposit agreement, and subject to the terms
and conditions of the deposit agreement, the holder of such ADR will be entitled to delivery to
such holder or upon such holder’s order, as permitted by applicable law, of the amount of
deposited securities at the time represented by the ADS evidenced by such ADR. The custodian
will ordinarily deliver such deposited securities at or from its office. The forwarding of deposited
securities for delivery at any other place specified by the holder will be at the risk and expense of
the holder.
Dividends, Other Distributions and Rights
To the extent practicable, the depositary will distribute to you, in proportion to the number of
ADSs you hold, any U.S. dollars available to the depositary resulting from a cash dividend or
other cash distribution or the net proceeds of sales of any other distribution that it receives in
respect of the deposited securities. Such a distribution will be subject to (i) appropriate
adjustments for taxes withheld, (ii) the impermissibility or impracticability of such distribution
with respect to certain holders and (iii) the deduction of the depositary and/or its agents’ fees and
expenses in (1) converting any foreign currency to U.S. dollars by sale or in such other manner
as the depositary may determine, to the extent that it determines that such conversion may be
made on a reasonable basis, (2) transferring foreign currency or U.S. dollars to the United States
by such means as the depositary may determine, to the extent that it determines that such transfer
may be made on a reasonable basis, (3) obtaining any approval or license of any governmental
authority required for such conversion or transfer, which is obtainable at a reasonable cost and
within a reasonable time and (4) making any sale by public or private means in any
commercially reasonable manner. To the extent that the depositary determines in its discretion
that any distribution under the terms of the deposit agreement is not practicable with respect to
any holder, the depositary may make such distribution as it so deems practicable, including the
distribution of foreign currency, securities or property (or appropriate documents evidencing the
right to receive foreign currency, securities or property) or the retention thereof as deposited
securities with respect to such holder’s ADRs (without liability for interest thereon or the
investment thereof). See “Ordinary Shares—Payment of Dividends” above.
If any distribution on deposited securities consists of a dividend in, or free distribution of,
ordinary shares, the depositary will, to the extent practicable, distribute to you, in proportion to
the number of ADSs you hold, additional ADRs evidencing an aggregate number of ADSs that
represents the amount of ordinary shares received as such dividend or free distribution. In lieu of
delivering ADRs for fractional ADSs in the event of any such dividend or free distribution, the
depositary shall sell the number of ordinary shares represented by the aggregate of such fractions
and distribute the net proceeds to holders entitled thereto.
If we offer or cause to be offered to holders of deposited securities any rights to subscribe for
additional shares or rights of any nature, the depositary will to the extent practicable distribute
warrants or other instruments, in its discretion, representing rights to acquire additional ADRs in
respect of any rights that have been made available to the depositary as a result of a distribution
on deposited securities, to the extent that we timely furnish to the depositary evidence
satisfactory to the depositary that the depositary may lawfully distribute the same. We have no
obligation to furnish such evidence, and to the extent that we do not furnish such evidence and
the sales of rights are practicable, the depositary will distribute any U.S. dollars available to the
depositary from the net proceeds of sales of rights, as in the case of cash, or, to the extent that we
do not furnish such evidence and such sales cannot practicably be accomplished by reason of the
non-transferability of the rights, limited markets therefor, their short duration, or otherwise, the
depositary will distribute nothing (and any rights may lapse).
The depositary will not offer rights to holders having an address in the U.S. unless both the rights
and the securities to which such rights relate are either exempt from registration under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) with respect to a distribution to all
holders or are registered under the provisions of the Securities Act. Notwithstanding any terms of
the deposit agreement to the contrary, we shall have no obligation to prepare and file a
registration statement in respect of any such rights.
Whenever the depositary shall receive any distribution other than cash, ordinary shares or rights
in respect of the deposited securities, the depositary will to the extent practicable distribute
securities or property available to the depositary resulting from such distribution to the holders
entitled thereto by any means that the depositary may deem equitable and practicable, or, to the
extent that the depositary deems distribution of such securities or property to not be equitable and
practicable, any U.S. dollars available to the depositary from the net proceeds of sales of such
securities or property, as in the case of cash.
Whenever we intend to distribute a dividend payable at the election of the holders of ordinary
shares in cash or in additional shares, we shall give notice thereof to the depositary at least 30
days prior to the proposed distribution stating whether or not we wish such elective distribution
to be made available to ADR holders. Upon receipt of notice indicating that we wish such
elective distribution to be made available to ADR holders, the depositary shall consult with us to
determine, and we shall assist the depositary in its determination, whether it is lawful and
reasonably practicable to make such elective distribution available to the ADR holders. The
depositary shall make such elective distribution available to ADR holders only if (i) we shall
have timely requested that the elective distribution is available to ADR holders, (ii) the
depositary shall have determined that such distribution is reasonably practicable and (iii) the
depositary shall have received satisfactory documentation within the terms of the deposit
agreement including, without limitation, any legal opinions of counsel in any applicable
jurisdiction that the depositary in its reasonable discretion may request, at our expense. If the
above conditions are not satisfied, the depositary shall, to the extent permitted by law, distribute
to the ADR holders, on the basis of the same determination as is made in the local market in
respect of the ordinary shares for which no election is made, either (x) cash or (y) additional
ADSs representing such additional ordinary shares. If the above conditions are satisfied, the
depositary shall establish a record date and establish procedures to enable ADR holders to elect
the receipt of the proposed dividend in cash or in additional ADSs. We shall assist the depositary
in establishing such procedures to the extent necessary. Nothing herein shall obligate the
depositary to make available to ADR holders a method to receive the elective dividend in
ordinary shares (rather than ADSs). There can be no assurance that ADR holders generally, or
any holder in particular, will be given the opportunity to receive elective distributions on the
same terms and conditions as the holders of ordinary shares.
If the depositary determines that any distribution of property other than cash (including ordinary
shares or rights) on deposited securities is subject to any tax which the depositary or the
custodian is obligated to withhold, the depositary may dispose of all or a portion of such property
in such amounts and in such manner as the depositary deems necessary and practicable to pay
such taxes, by public or private sale, and the depositary will distribute the net proceeds of any
such sale or the balance of any such property after deduction of such taxes to the holders entitled
thereto.
Changes Affecting Deposited Securities
Pursuant to the terms of the deposit agreement, the depositary may, in its discretion, and will if
we so reasonably request, amend the ADRs or distribute additional or amended ADRs (with or
without calling for the exchange of any ADRs) or cash, securities or property on the record date
set by the depositary therefor to reflect any change in par value, split-up, consolidation,
cancellation or other reclassification of deposited securities, any share distribution or any
distribution other than cash, ordinary shares or rights, which in each case is not distributed to
holders or any cash, securities or property available to the depositary in respect of the deposited
securities from (and the depositary is authorised to surrender any deposited securities to any
person and, irrespective of whether such deposited securities are surrendered or otherwise
cancelled by operation of law, rule, regulation or otherwise, to sell by public or private sale any
property received in connection with) any recapitalization, reorganization, merger, consolidation,
liquidation, receivership, bankruptcy or sale of all or substantially all of our assets, and to the
extent that the depositary does not so amend the ADRs or make a distribution to holders to
reflect any of the foregoing, or the net proceeds thereof, whatever cash, securities or property
results from any of the foregoing shall constitute deposited securities and each ADS evidenced
by an ADR shall automatically represent its pro rata interest in the deposited securities as then
constituted. Promptly upon the occurrence of any of the aforementioned changes affecting
deposited securities, we shall notify the depositary in writing of such occurrence and as soon as
practicable after receipt of such notice, may instruct the depositary to give notice thereof, at our
expense, to holders in accordance with the provisions of the deposit agreement. Upon receipt of
such instruction, the depositary shall give notice to the holders in accordance with the terms of
the deposit agreement, as soon as reasonably practicable.
Record Dates
The depositary may, after consultation with us if practicable, fix a record date (which, to the
extent applicable, shall be as near as practicable to any corresponding record date set by us) for
the determination of the holders who shall be responsible for the fee assessed by the depositary
for administration of the ADR program and for any expenses provided in the deposit agreement
as well as for the determination of the holders who shall be entitled to receive any distribution on
or in respect of deposited securities, to give instructions for the exercise of any voting rights, to
receive any notice or to act in respect of other matters and only such holders shall be so entitled
or obligated.
Voting of Deposited Securities
Subject to the following sentence, as soon as practicable after receipt of notice of any meetings at
which the holders of ordinary shares are entitled to vote, or of solicitation of consents or proxies
from holders of ordinary shares or other deposited securities, the depositary shall fix the ADS
record date in accordance with the deposit agreement in respect of such meeting or solicitation of
consent or proxy. The depositary shall, if we request in writing in a timely manner (the
depositary having no obligation to take any further action if the request shall not have been
received by the depositary at least 30 days prior to the date of such vote or meeting) and at our
expense and provided no legal prohibitions exist, distribute to holders a notice stating:
1. such information as is contained in such notice and any solicitation materials;
2. that each holder on the record date set by the depositary therefor will, subject to any applicable
provisions of Norwegian law, be entitled to instruct the depositary as to the exercise of the voting
rights, if any, pertaining to the deposited securities represented by the ADSs evidenced by such
holder’s ADRs; and
3. the manner in which such instructions may be given, including without limitation, any
requirements that ADSs be blocked for a specified period of time leading up to and including the
date of such meeting or solicitation and/or ordinary shares represented by ADSs for which
instructions are provided be registered on the books of Equinor in the name of the instructing
holder.
Upon actual receipt by the ADR department of the depositary of instructions of a holder on such
record date in the manner and on or before the time established by the depositary for such
purpose and timely compliance by the ADR holder with any requirements notified by the
depositary, the depositary shall endeavor, insofar as practicable and permitted under the
provisions of, or governing, deposited securities, to vote or cause to be voted the deposited
securities represented by such holder’s ADRs in accordance with such instructions. The
depositary will not itself exercise any voting discretion in respect of any deposited securities.
There is no guarantee that holders generally or any holder in particular will receive the notice
described above with sufficient time to comply with the voting requirements set forth in the
notice referenced above or to enable such holder to return any voting instructions to the
depositary in a timely manner.
Notwithstanding anything contained in the deposit agreement or any ADR, the depositary may,
to the extent not prohibited by law or regulations, or by the requirements of the stock exchange
on which the ADSs are listed, in lieu of distribution of the materials provided to the depositary in
connection with any meeting of, or solicitation of consents or proxies from, holders of deposited
securities, distribute to holders of ADRs a notice that provides such holders with, or otherwise
publicizes to such holders, instructions on how to retrieve such materials or receive such
materials upon request (i.e., by reference to a website containing the materials for retrieval or a
contact for requesting copies of the materials).
ADR holders are strongly encouraged to forward their voting instructions as soon as possible.
Voting instructions will not be deemed received until such time as the ADR department
responsible for proxies and voting has received such instructions notwithstanding that such
instructions may have been physically received by the depositary prior to such time.
The depositary and its agents may rely and shall be protected in acting upon the opinion(s) of our
counsels with respect to all matters relating to voting under Norwegian Law, rule and/or
regulation.
Reports and Other Communications
We have delivered to the depositary, the custodian and any transfer office, on the SEC’s website,
or upon request from the depositary (which request may be refused by the depositary at its
discretion), a copy of all provisions of or governing the ordinary shares and any other deposited
securities issued by us or any of our affiliates and, promptly upon any change thereto, we will
deliver to the depositary, the custodian and any transfer office, a copy (in English or with an
English translation) of such provisions as so changed.
Amendment and Termination of the Deposit Agreement
Subject to the provisions of the deposit agreement, the ADRs and the deposit agreement may at
any time be amended by us and the depositary without your consent; provided that any
amendment that imposes or increases any fees or charges (other than stock transfer or other taxes
and other governmental charges, transfer or registration fees, SWIFT, cable, telex or facsimile
transmission costs, delivery costs or other such expenses), or which otherwise prejudices any
substantial existing right of yours, will take effect 30 days after notice of any such amendment
has been given to ADR holders. Every holder of an ADR at the time any amendment to the
deposit agreement so becomes effective will be deemed by continuing to hold such ADRs to
consent and agree to such amendment and to be bound by the deposit agreement as amended
thereby. In no event may any amendment impair the right of any holder of ADRs to surrender
such ADRs and receive the deposited securities represented thereby, except in order to comply
with mandatory provisions of applicable law.
Any amendments or supplements which (i) are reasonably necessary (as agreed by us and the
depositary) in order for (a) the ADSs to be registered under the Securities Act or (b) the ADSs or
our ordinary shares to be traded solely in electronic book-entry form and (ii) do not in either such
case impose or increase any fees or charges to be borne by holders of ADRs, shall be deemed not
to prejudice any substantial rights of such holders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any
governmental body or regulatory body should adopt new laws, rules or regulations which would
require amendment or supplement of the deposit agreement or the form of ADR to ensure
compliance therewith, we and the depositary may amend or supplement the deposit agreement
and the form of ADR at any time in accordance with such changed laws, rules or regulations.
Such amendment or supplement to the deposit agreement in such circumstances may become
effective before a notice of such amendment or supplement is given to holders of ADRs or
within any other period of time as required for compliance. Notice of any amendment to the
deposit agreement or form of ADR shall not need to describe in detail the specific amendments
effectuated thereby, and failure to describe the specific amendments in any such notice shall not
render such notice invalid, provided, however, that, in each such case, the notice given to the
holders identifies a means for holders to retrieve or receive the text of such amendment (i.e.,
upon retrieval from the SEC’s, the depositary’s or our website or upon request from the
depositary).
The depositary may, and shall at our written direction, terminate the deposit agreement and the
ADRs by mailing notice of such termination to the ADR holders at least 30 days prior to the date
fixed in such notice for such termination; provided, however, if the depositary shall have (i)
resigned as depositary, notice of such termination by the depositary shall not be provided to
ADR holders unless a successor depositary shall not be operating under the deposit agreement
within 60 days of the date of such resignation, or (ii) been removed as depositary, notice of such
termination by the depositary shall not be provided to ADR holders unless a successor depositary
shall not be operating under the deposit agreement on the 60th day after our notice of removal
was first provided to the depositary. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the
deposit agreement, the depositary may terminate the deposit agreement without notice to us, but
subject to giving 30 days’ notice to the ADR holders, under the following circumstances: (i) in
the event of the our bankruptcy or insolvency, (ii) if the ordinary shares cease to be listed on an
internationally recognized stock exchange, (iii) if we effect (or will effect) a redemption of all or
substantially all of the deposited securities, or a cash or share distribution representing a return of
all or substantially all of the value of the deposited securities, or (iv) there occurs a merger,
consolidation, sale of assets or other transaction as a result of which securities or other property
are delivered in exchange for or in lieu of deposited securities.
After the date so fixed for termination, the depositary and its agents will perform no further acts
under the deposit agreement and the ADRs, except to receive and hold (or sell) distributions on
deposited securities and deliver deposited securities being withdrawn. As soon as practicable
after the date so fixed for termination, the depositary shall use its reasonable efforts to sell the
deposited securities and shall thereafter (as long as it may lawfully do so) hold in an account
(which may be segregated or unsegregated account) the net proceeds of such sales, together with
any other cash then held by it under the deposit agreement, without liability for interest, in trust
for the
pro
rata
benefit of the holders of ADRs not theretofore surrendered. After making such
sale, the depositary shall be discharged from all obligations in respect of the deposit agreement
and the ADRs, except to account for such net proceeds and other cash. After the date so fixed for
termination, we shall be discharged from all obligations under the deposit agreement except for
our obligations to the depositary and its agents.
In the event that the depositary resigns, is removed or is otherwise substituted, and a successor
thereto is appointed, the successor depositary will promptly mail you notice of such appointment.
Liability of Holder for Taxes
If any tax or other governmental charges (including any penalties and/or interest) become
payable by the custodian or the depositary with respect to any ADR, any deposited securities
represented by the ADSs evidenced thereby or any distribution thereon, such tax or other
governmental charge will be paid by the holder thereof to the depositary and by holding or
having held an ADR the holder and all prior holders, jointly and severally, agree to indemnify,
defend and hold harmless each of the depositary and its agents in respect thereof. The depositary
may refuse to effect any registration, registration of transfer or any split-up or combination of
such ADR or any withdrawal of deposited securities underlying such ADR until such payment is
made. The depositary may also deduct from any dividends or other distributions or may sell by
public or private sale for your account any part or all of the deposited securities underlying such
ADR and may apply such dividends, distributions or the proceeds of any such sale to pay any
such tax or other governmental charges, and the holder of such ADR shall remain liable for any
deficiency, and the depositary shall reduce the number of ADSs evidenced thereby to reflect any
such sales of shares. In connection with any distribution to holders, we will remit to the
appropriate governmental authority or agency all amounts (if any) required to be withheld and
owing to such authority or agency by us; and the depositary and the custodian will remit to the
appropriate governmental authority or agency all amounts (if any) required to be withheld and
owing to such authority or agency by the depositary or the custodian. If the depositary
determines that any distribution in property other than cash (including shares or rights) on
deposited securities is subject to any tax that the depositary or the custodian is obligated to
withhold, the depositary may dispose of all or a portion of such property in such amounts and in
such manner as the depositary deems necessary and practicable to pay such taxes, by public or
private sale, and the depositary shall distribute the net proceeds of any such sale or the balance of
any such property after deduction of such taxes to the holders entitled thereto. Each holder of an
ADR or an interest therein agrees to indemnify the depositary, us, the custodian and any of their
respective officers, directors, employees, agents and affiliates against, and hold each of them
harmless from, any claims by any governmental authority with respect to taxes, additions to tax,
penalties or interest arising out of any refund of taxes, reduced rate of withholding at source or
other tax benefit obtained, which obligations shall survive any transfer or surrender of ADSs or
the termination of the deposit agreement.
Transfer of American Depositary Receipts
The ADRs are transferable on the books of the depositary,
provided
that the depositary may
close the transfer books or any portion thereof at any time or from time to time when deemed
expedient by it, and may also close the issuance book portion of the transfer books when
reasonably requested by us solely in order to enable us to comply with applicable law. As a
condition precedent to the issue, registration, registration of transfer, split-up or combination of
any ADR, the delivery of any distribution thereon, or withdrawal of any deposited securities, the
depositary, we or the custodian may require (i) payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for
any tax or other governmental charge and any stock transfer or registration fee with respect
thereto (including any such tax or charge and fee with respect to ordinary shares being deposited
or withdrawn) and payment of any applicable fees payable by the holders of ADRs under the
deposit agreement, (ii) proof of the identity of any signatory and genuineness of any signature,
(iii) information as to citizenship or residence, exchange control approval, beneficial ownership
of any securities, compliance with applicable law, regulations, provisions of or governing the
deposited securities and terms of the deposit agreement and the ADR or other information as it
may deem necessary or proper, and (iv) compliance with such regulations as the depositary may
establish consistent with the deposit agreement. The issuance, transfer, combination or split-up of
ADRs or the withdrawal of deposited securities may be suspended, generally or in particular
instances, during any period when the transfer books of the depositary or the books of Equinor or
its agent for the registration and transfer of ordinary shares are closed or if any such action is
deemed advisable by the depositary.
Limitations on Liability
Neither the depositary nor we nor any of our respective directors, officers, employees, agents or
affiliates will be liable to you if by reason of any provision of any present or future law, rule,
regulation, fiat, order or decree of the United States, the Kingdom of Norway or any other
country or jurisdiction, or of any other governmental or regulatory authority or securities
exchange or market or automated quotation system, or by reason of any provision of or
governing any deposited securities or any provision of our charter, or by reason of any act of
God, war, terrorism, nationalization, expropriation, currency restrictions, work stoppage, strike,
civil unrest, revolutions, rebellions, explosions, computer failure or circumstance beyond any
such party’s direct and immediate control, the depositary, we or any of our respective directors,
employees, agents or affiliates shall be prevented or delayed in performing, or shall be subject to
any civil or criminal penalty in connection with, any act which by the terms of the deposit
agreement or the ADRs it is provided shall be done or performed by it or them (including,
without limitation, voting pursuant to the terms of the ADRs); nor will the depositary, we or any
of our respective directors, employees, agents or affiliates incur any liability to you by reason of
any non-performance or delay, caused as aforesaid, in the performance of any act or things which
by the terms of the Deposit Agreement it is provided shall or may be done or performed or of any
exercise of, or failure to exercise, any discretion provided for under the deposit agreement or any
ADR (including, without limitation, any failure to determine that any distribution or action may
be lawful or reasonably practicable), or for any action or inaction by it in reliance upon the
advice of or information from legal counsel, accountants, any person presenting ordinary shares
for deposit, any ADR holder, or any other person believed by it to be competent to give such
advice or information.
Neither we nor the depositary nor any of our respective directors, officers, employees, agents or
affiliates assume any obligation or be subject to any liability except to perform its obligations to
the extent they are specifically provided under the deposit agreement or the ADRs without gross
negligence or wilful misconduct. We, the depositary and its agents and may rely and shall be
protected in acting upon any written notice, request, direction, instruction or document believed
to be genuine and to have been signed, presented or given by the proper party or parties.
The depositary and its agents have no obligation to appear in, prosecute or defend any action,
suit or other proceeding in respect of any deposited securities or the ADRs, and we and our
agents have no obligation to appear in, prosecute or defend any action, suit or other proceeding
in respect of any deposited securities or the ADRs, which in our opinion may involve us in
expense or liability, unless indemnity satisfactory to us against all expense (including fees and
disbursements of counsel) and liability is furnished as often as may be required.
The depositary shall not be liable for the acts or omissions made by, or the insolvency of, any
securities depository, clearing agency or settlement system, and shall not have any liability for
the price received in connection with any sale of securities, the timing thereof or any delay in
action or omission to act, nor shall it be responsible for any error or delay in action, omission to
act, default or negligence on the part of the party so retained in connection with any such sale or
proposed sale. The depositary shall be under no obligation to inform registered holders of ADRs
or any other holders of an interest in any ADSs about the requirements of the laws, rules or
regulations or any changes therein or thereto of any country or jurisdiction or of any
governmental or regulatory authority or any securities exchange or market or automated
quotation system. The depositary and its agents will not be responsible for any failure to carry
out any instructions to vote any of the Deposited Securities, for the manner in which any such
vote is cast or for the effect of any such vote. The depositary may rely upon instructions from us
or our counsel in respect of any approval or license required for any currency conversion,
transfer or distribution. The depositary and its agents may own and deal in any class of our
securities and securities or our affiliates and in ADRs. Notwithstanding anything else contained
in the deposit agreement or any prior deposit agreement, the depositary shall have no liability or
responsibility under the deposit agreement, any ADR or any related agreement, for any period
prior to the effective date of the deposit agreement or for any act or omission of the predecessor
to the depositary or any of its agents (including the custodian as defined in the prior deposit
agreement), under or in connection with this deposit agreement, any ADRs or any related
agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the deposit agreement or an
ADR, the depositary and its agents may fully respond to any and all demands or requests for
information maintained by or on its behalf in connection with the deposit agreement, any ADR
holder or holders, any ADR or ADRs or otherwise related thereto to the extent such information
is requested or required by or pursuant to any lawful authority, including without limitation laws,
rules, regulations, administrative or judicial process, banking, securities or other regulators.
None of us, the depositary or the custodian shall be liable for the failure by any registered holder
or beneficial owner of ADRs to obtain the benefits of credits or refunds of non-U.S. tax paid
against such holder’s or beneficial owner’s income tax liability. Neither we nor the depositary
shall incur any liability for any tax or tax consequences that may be incurred by registered
holders or beneficial owners of ADRs on account of their ownership or disposition of the ADRs
or ADSs.
The depositary shall not incur any liability for the content of any information submitted to it by
or on our behalf for distribution to the ADR holders or for any inaccuracy of any translation
thereof, for any investment risk associated with acquiring an interest in the deposited securities,
for the validity or worth of the deposited securities, for the credit-worthiness of any third party,
for allowing any rights to lapse upon the terms of the deposit agreement or for the failure or
timeliness of any notice from us. Notwithstanding anything set forth in the deposit agreement to
the contrary, the depositary and the custodian(s) may use third party delivery services and
providers of information regarding matters such as pricing, proxy voting, corporate actions, class
action litigation and other services in connection herewith and the deposit agreement, and use
local agents to provide extraordinary services such as attendance at annual meetings of issuers of
securities. Although the depositary and the custodian will use reasonable care (and cause their
agents to use reasonable care) in the selection and retention of such third party providers and
local agents, they will not be responsible for any errors or omissions made by them in providing
the relevant information or services. The depositary shall not be liable for any acts or omissions
made by a successor depositary whether in connection with a previous act or omission of the
depositary or in connection with any matter arising wholly after the removal or resignation of the
depositary, unless a liability is directly caused by the previous gross negligence or willful
misconduct of the depositary or its directors, officers, employees, agents or affiliates acting in
their capacities as such under the deposit agreement.
Neither we nor the depositary nor any of our respective agents shall be liable to registered
holders of ADRs or beneficial owners of interests in ADSs for any indirect, special, punitive or
consequential damages (including, without limitation, legal fees and expenses) or lost profits, in
each case of any form incurred by any person or entity, whether or not foreseeable and regardless
of the type of action in which such a claim may be brought.
The depositary shall not be responsible for, and shall incur no liability in connection with or
arising from any act or omission to act on the part of the custodian except to the extent that any
holder has incurred liability directly as a result of the custodian having (a) committed fraud or
willful misconduct in the provision of custodial services to the depositary or (b) failed to use
reasonable care in the provision of custodial services to the depositary as determined in
accordance with the standards prevailing in the jurisdiction in which the custodian is located. As
long as we or one of our affiliates is serving as the custodian with respect to the deposit
agreement we shall be solely liable for each and any act or failure to act on the part of the
custodian.
No provision of the deposit agreement or any ADR is intended to constitute a waiver or
limitation of any rights which an ADR holder or any person or entity having a beneficial
ownership interest in any ADSs may have under the Securities Act or the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, to the extent applicable.
Governing Law, Submission to Jurisdiction and Waiver of Right to Trial by Jury
The deposit agreement is governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of
New York.
We have irrevocably agreed that any legal suit, action or proceeding against us brought by the
depositary or any holder, arising out of or based upon the deposit agreement or the transactions
contemplated thereby, may be instituted in any state or federal court in New York, New York,
and irrevocably waive any objection which we may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue
of any such proceeding, and irrevocably submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of such courts
in any such suit, action or proceeding. We have also irrevocably agreed that any legal suit, action
or proceeding against the depositary brought by us, arising out of or based upon the deposit
agreement or the transactions contemplated thereby, may only be instituted in a state or federal
court in New York, New York.
Each holder or beneficial owner of ADSs and each holder of interests therein, has irrevocably
agreed that any legal suit, action or proceeding against or involving us or the depositary, arising
out of or based on the deposit agreement, the ADSs, or the transactions contemplated thereby,
may only be instituted in a state or federal court in New York, New York, and each such party
has irrevocably waived any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue
of any such proceeding, and irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts in
any such suit, action or proceeding.
Each party to the deposit agreement, including each holder and beneficial owner and/or holder of
interests in ADRs, irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any right
it may have to a trial by jury in any suit, action or proceeding against the depositary and/or us
directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to the ordinary shares or other deposited securities,
the ADSs or the ADRs, the deposit agreement or any transaction contemplated therein, or the
breach thereof, whether based on contract, tort, common law or any other theory.
Appointment
In the deposit agreement, each registered holder of ADRs and each person holding an interest in
ADSs, upon acceptance of any ADSs (or any interest therein) issued in accordance with the
terms and conditions of the deposit agreement shall be deemed for all purposes to:
(a) be a party to and bound by the terms of the deposit agreement and the applicable ADR(s),
(b) appoint the depositary its attorney-in-fact, with full power to delegate, to act on its behalf and
to take any and all actions contemplated in the deposit agreement and the applicable ADR(s), to
adopt any and all procedures necessary to comply with applicable law and to take such action as
the depositary in its sole discretion may deem necessary or appropriate to carry out the purposes
of the deposit agreement and the applicable ADR(s), the taking of such actions to be the
conclusive determinant of the necessity and appropriateness thereof,
(c) acknowledge and agree that (i) nothing in the deposit agreement or any ADR shall give rise to
a partnership or joint venture among the parties thereto nor establish a fiduciary or similar
relationship among such parties, (ii) the depositary, its divisions, branches and affiliates, and
their respective agents, may from time to time be in the possession of non-public information
about Equinor, ADR holders, owners of ADSs and/or their respective affiliates, (iii) the
depositary and its divisions, branches and affiliates may at any time have multiple banking
relationships with Equinor, ADR holders, owners of ADSs and/or the affiliates of any of them,
(iv) the depositary and its divisions, branches and affiliates may, from time to time, be engaged
in transactions in which parties adverse to Equinor or the Holders or owners of ADSs may have
interests, (v) nothing contained in the Deposit Agreement or any ADR(s) shall (A) preclude the
Depositary or any of its divisions, branches or affiliates from engaging in such transactions or
establishing or maintaining such relationships, or (B) obligate the Depositary or any of its
divisions, branches or affiliates to disclose such transactions or relationships or to account for
any profit made or payment received in such transactions or relationships, and (vi) the
Depositary shall not be deemed to have knowledge of any information held by any branch,
division or affiliate of the Depositary.