EX-21
5
ex21-subsactivity2025.htm
EX-21
ex21-subsactivity2025
Subsidiary Activities     these, 22 are direct subsidiaries of the Bank and 6 are subsidiaries of Bank-owned entities.   Flagstar Bank, N.A (The “Bank”) has formed, or acquired through merger transactions, 28 active subsidiaries. Of     The 22 direct subsidiaries of the Bank are:   Name Jurisdiction of Organization  100 Duffy Realty, LLC New York   Beta Investments, Inc. Delaware  BSR 1400 Corp. New York  Ferry Development Holding Company Delaware  Flagstar Specialty Finance Company, LLC Delaware  NYB Realty Holding Company, LLC New York  NYCB Insurance Agency, Inc. New York   Pacific Urban Renewal, Inc. New Jersey   Synergy Capital Investment, Inc. New Jersey  NYCB Mortgage Company, LLC Delaware  Woodhaven Investments, LLC Delaware  Flagstar REO, LLC Delaware  Flagstar Mortgage Securities, LLC Delaware  Flagstar Real Estate Holdings, Inc.  Michigan  Flagstar Investment, LLC Michigan  Flagstar Opportunities, LLC Michigan  Grass Lake Insurance Agency, Inc. Michigan  FSB-Optimum Investment Fund I LLC Michigan  Flagstar-Petros Fund I, LLC Michigan  Flagstar Financing & Leasing, LLC New York  Flagstar Advisors, Inc. New York  Flagstar Public Funding Corp. New York
The 6 subsidiaries of Bank-owned entities are:   Name  Jurisdiction of Organization  1400 Corp.  New York  Flagstar Opportunities Fund Limited Partnership Delaware    Prospect Realty Holding Company, LLC New York  Walnut Realty Holding Company, LLC Delaware    Long Lake REIT Maryland  Long Lake MSR, Inc. Maryland    NYB Realty Holding Company, LLC owns interests in 11 additional active entities organized as indirect wholly- owned subsidiaries to own interests in various other real estate properties.    The Bank also owns special business trusts that were formed for the purpose of issuing capital and common securities  and investing the proceeds thereof in the junior subordinated debentures issued by the Company. See Note 12, “Borrowed  Funds,” in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a further discussion of the Company’s special business  trusts.