EX-2.1
3
globex2112312025.htm
EX-2.1
globex2112312025
DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK The following is a summary of some of the terms of our common shares, based  on our articles of association.  The following summary is not complete and is subject to, and is qualified in its  entirety by reference to, the provisions of our articles of association, as amended, which  are included as Exhibit 1.1 to this Annual Report, and applicable Luxembourg law,  including Luxembourg Companies Law.    General    We are a Luxembourg joint stock company (société anonyme) and our legal  name is "Globant S.A." We were incorporated on December 10, 2012. We are  registered with the Luxembourg Trade and Companies Register (Registre de Commerce  et des Sociétés de Luxembourg) under number B 173 727 and have our registered  office at 37A Avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.   Share Capital    As of December 31, 2025, our issued share capital was $53,774,743.20,  represented by 44,812,286 common shares with a nominal value of $1.20 each, of  which 976,695  were treasury shares held by us.    As of December 31, 2025, we had an authorized share capital, excluding the  issued share capital, of $8,543,362.80, consisting of 7,119,469 common shares with a  nominal value of $1.20 each.    Our shareholders' meeting has authorized our board of directors to issue  common shares within the limits of the authorized share capital at such time and on  such terms as our board of directors may decide during a period ending on the fifth  anniversary of the extraordinary general meeting of shareholders held on May 10, 2024,  which may be renewed. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2025, our board of directors  may issue up to 7,119,469 common shares.    Our authorized share capital is determined by our articles of association, as  amended from time to time, and may be increased or reduced by amending the articles  of association by a two-thirds majority of the vote at an extraordinary general  shareholders' meeting at which a quorum is present. Under Luxembourg law, our  shareholders have no obligation to provide further capital to us.  EXHIBIT 2.1
Under Luxembourg law, our shareholders benefit from a pre-emptive subscription  right on the issuance of common shares for cash consideration. However, our  shareholders have, in accordance with Luxembourg law authorized our board of  directors to waive, suppress or limit, any pre-emptive subscription rights of shareholders  provided by law to the extent our board of directors deems such waiver, suppression or  limitation advisable for any issue or issues of common shares within the scope of our  authorized share capital. Such common shares may be issued above, at or below  market value as well as above, at or below nominal value by way of incorporation of  available reserves (including premium).  Form and Transfer of Common Shares    Our common shares are issued in registered form only and are freely  transferable under Luxembourg law and our articles of association. Luxembourg law  does not impose any limitations on the rights of Luxembourg or non-Luxembourg  residents to hold or vote our common shares.    Under Luxembourg law, the ownership of registered shares is established by the  entry of the name of the shareholder and the number of shares held by him or her in the  shareholder register. Transfers of common shares not deposited into securities accounts  are effective towards us and third parties either through the recording of a declaration of  transfer into the shareholders' register, signed and dated by the transferor and the  transferee or their representatives or by us, upon notification of the transfer to, or upon  the acceptance of the transfer by, us. Should the transfer of common shares not be  recorded accordingly, the shareholder is entitled to enforce his or her rights by initiating  the relevant proceedings before the competent courts of Luxembourg.    In addition, our articles of association provide that our common shares may be  held through a securities settlement system or a professional depositary of securities.  The depositor of common shares held in such manner has the same rights and  obligations as if such depositor held the common shares directly. Common shares held  through a securities settlement system or a professional depositary of securities may be  transferred from one account to another in accordance with customary procedures for  the transfer of securities in book-entry form. However, we will make dividend payments  (if any) and any other payments in cash, common shares or other securities (if any) only  to the securities settlement system or the depositary recorded in the shareholders’  register or in accordance with their instructions.  Issuance of Common Shares    Pursuant to Luxembourg Companies Law, the issuance of common shares  requires the amendment of our articles of association by the approval of two-thirds of  the votes at an extraordinary general shareholders' meeting at which a quorum is  present; provided, however, that the general meeting may approve an increase in the  authorized share capital and authorize our board of directors to issue common shares  EXHIBIT 2.1
up to the maximum amount of such authorized unissued share capital for a five year  period beginning either on the date of the relevant general meeting or the date of  publication in the RESA of the minutes of the relevant general meeting approving such  authorization. The general meeting may amend or renew such authorized share capital  and such authorization of our board of directors to issue common shares.    As of December 31, 2025, we had an authorized share capital, excluding the  issued share capital, of $8,543,362.80 and our board of directors was authorized to  issue up to 7,119,469, common shares (subject to stock splits, consolidation of common  shares or like transactions) with a nominal value of $1.20 per common share.   Our articles of association provide that no fractional shares will be issued or exist.    Pre-emptive Rights    Unless limited, waived or canceled by our board of directors in the context of the  authorized share capital or pursuant to a decision of an extraordinary general meeting of  shareholders issued in accordance with the provisions of the articles of association  relating to amendments thereof, holders of our common shares have a pro rata pre- emptive right to subscribe for any new common shares issued for cash consideration.  Our articles of association provide that pre-emptive rights can be waived, suppressed or  limited by our board of directors for a period ending on the fifth anniversary of the date  of extraordinary general meeting of shareholders held on May 10, 2024, which period  therefore ends on May 10, 2029, in the event of an increase of the issued share capital  by our board of directors within the limits of the authorized share capital.    Repurchase of Common Shares    We cannot subscribe for our own common shares. We may, however, repurchase  issued common shares or have another person repurchase issued common shares for  our account, subject to the following conditions:    • the repurchase complies with the principle of equal treatment of all shareholders,  except in the event such repurchase was the result of the unanimous decision of  a general meeting at which all shareholders were present or represented (in  addition, listed companies may repurchase their own shares on the stock  exchange without an offer to repurchase having to be made to the shareholders);  • prior authorization by a simple majority vote at an ordinary general meeting of  shareholders is granted, which authorization sets forth the terms and conditions  of the proposed repurchase, including the maximum number of common shares  to be repurchased, the duration of the period for which the authorization is given  (which may not exceed five years) and, in the case of a repurchase for  consideration, the minimum and maximum consideration per common share;  EXHIBIT 2.1
• the repurchase does not reduce our net assets (on a non-consolidated basis) to a  level below the aggregate of the issued share capital and the reserves that we  must maintain pursuant to Luxembourg law or our articles of association; and  • only fully paid-up common shares are repurchased.  No prior authorization by our shareholders is required for us to repurchase our  own common shares if:   • we are in imminent and severe danger, in which case our board of directors must  inform the general meeting of shareholders held subsequent to the repurchase of  common shares of the reasons for, and aim of, such repurchase, the number and  nominal value of the common shares repurchased, the fraction of the share  capital such repurchased common shares represented and the consideration  paid for such shares; or  • the common shares are repurchased by us or by a person acting for our account  in view of a distribution of the common shares to our employees.  On May 10, 2024, the general meeting of shareholders, according to the  conditions set forth in article 430-15 of Luxembourg Companies Law, granted our board  of directors the authorization to repurchase up to a maximum number of shares  representing 20% of the share capital for a net purchase price being (i) no less than  50% of the lowest stock price and (ii) no more than 50% above the highest stock price,  the stock price in all cases being the closing price, as reported by the New York City  edition of the Wall Street Journal, or, if not reported therein, any other authoritative  sources to be selected by our board of directors, within the ten trading days preceding  the date of the purchase (or the date of the commitment to the transaction). The  authorization is valid for a period ending five years from the date of the general meeting  or the date of period´s renewal by a subsequent general meeting of shareholders.  Pursuant to such authorization, our board of directors is authorized to acquire and sell  our common shares under the conditions set forth in the minutes of such general  meeting of shareholders. Such purchases and sales may be carried out for any purpose  authorized by the general meeting of Globant S.A.  On May 29, 2025, we entered into the 2025 HSBC 10b5-1 Plan for the  repurchase of an aggregate of up to 80,000 common shares in four windows, starting on  July 15, 2025 and ending on March 3, 2026. The repurchase plan will expire on March  6, 2026. On September 30, 2025, our board of directors approved the Repurchase  Program, authorizing the allocation of up to $50 million per quarter, subject to a  maximum aggregate of $125 million, for the repurchase of our common shares  beginning in the fourth quarter of 2025 through the fourth quarter of 2026. The timing  and price of repurchases as well as the actual number of shares repurchased under the  Repurchase Program are at our discretion and depend on a variety of factors, including  business and market conditions, the share price, regulatory requirements and  EXHIBIT 2.1
limitations, corporate liquidity requirements and priorities, legal requirements and  restrictions in the agreements governing the Company’s indebtedness, alternative  investment opportunities, acquisition opportunities and other factors. Purchases under  the Repurchase Program may be made from time to time at management’s discretion.  The Repurchase Program permits common shares to be repurchased in a variety of  methods, including but not limited to open market repurchases or accelerated share  repurchases. The board of directors authorized the Company's management team to  enter into engagement or trading agreements and/or establish, modify, or terminate  Rule 10b5-1 trading plans with one or more brokers, dealers and/or financial institutions  to facilitate the repurchases under the Repurchase Program. We are not obligated to  repurchase any specific amount of common shares. The Repurchase Program may be  suspended or discontinued at any time or periodically without prior notice. We  repurchase the common shares to be held in treasury and subsequently disposed,  cancelled and/or allocated to awards under our equity incentive plans. We utilize  available cash and/or intercompany indebtedness to fund the repurchases under the  Repurchase Plan. It is our intention that such repurchases benefit from the safe harbor  provided by Rule 10b-18 promulgated by the SEC under the Exchange Act of 1934. On November 18, 2025, we entered into a letter for discretionary purchases (the  "2025 Repurchase Instruction") with Allen & Company, LLC, acting as agent for the  Company, for the repurchase of common shares for a maximum value of $50 million,  excluding commissions, between November 18, 2025 and December 15, 2025. On December 12, 2025, we entered into a 10b5-1 repurchase plan (the "2025  Allen 10b5-1 Plan") with Allen & Company, LLC, acting as agent for us, for the  repurchase of common shares for a maximum value of $50 million, including total  commissions, between January 2, 2026 and  March 3, 2026.  As of the date of this annual report we have repurchased an aggregate of  1,558,560 of our common shares for a total purchase price of $99,966,003.35 under the  Repurchase Program. Capital Reduction    Our articles of association provide that our issued share capital may be reduced  by a resolution adopted by a two-thirds majority of the votes at an extraordinary general  shareholders' meeting at which a quorum is present. If the reduction of capital results in  the capital being reduced below the legally prescribed minimum, the general meeting of  the shareholders must, at the same time, resolve to increase the capital up to the  required level.    General Meeting of Shareholders  Any regularly constituted general meeting of our shareholders represents the  entire body of shareholders.  EXHIBIT 2.1
Each of our common shares entitles the holder thereof to attend our general  meeting of shareholders, either in person or by proxy, to address the general meeting of  shareholders and to exercise voting rights, subject to the provisions of Luxembourg law  and our articles of association. Each common share entitles the holder to one vote at a  general meeting of shareholders. Our articles of association provide that our board of  directors shall adopt as it deems fit all other regulations concerning the attendance to  the general meeting.  A general meeting of our shareholders may, at any time, be convened by our  board of directors, to be held at such place and on such date as specified in the  convening notice of such meeting. Our articles of association and Luxembourg law  provide that a general meeting of shareholders must be convened by our board of  directors, upon request in writing indicating the agenda, addressed to our board of  directors by one or more shareholders representing at least 10% of our issued share  capital. In such case, a general meeting of shareholders must be convened and must be  held within a period of one month from receipt of such request. One or more  shareholders holding at least 5% of our issued share capital may request the addition of  one or more items to the agenda of any general meeting of shareholders and propose  resolutions. Such requests must be received at our registered office by registered mail  at least 22 days before the date of such meeting.  Our articles of association provide that if our common shares are listed on a  stock exchange, all shareholders recorded in any register of our shareholders are  entitled to be admitted and vote at the general meeting of shareholders based on the  number of shares they hold on a date and time preceding the general meeting of  shareholders as may be established on the record date for admission to the general  meeting of shareholders (the "Record Date"), which the board of directors will determine  in the convening notice. Furthermore, any shareholder, holder or depositary, as the case  may be, who wishes to attend the general meeting must inform us thereof no later than  on the third business day preceding the date of such general meeting, or by any other  date which the board of directors may determine and specify the convening notice, in a  manner to be determined by our board of directors in the notice convening the general  meeting of the shareholders. In the case of common shares held through the operator of  a securities settlement system or with a depositary, or sub-depositary designated by  such depositary, a shareholder wishing to attend a general meeting of shareholders  should receive from such operator or depositary a certificate certifying the number of  common shares recorded in the relevant account on the Record Date. The certificate  should be submitted to us at our registered office no later than three business days prior  to the date of such general meeting. In the event that the shareholder votes by means of  a proxy, the proxy must be deposited at our registered office or with any of our agents,  duly authorized to receive such proxies. Our board of directors may set a shorter period  for the submission of the certificate or the proxy in which case this will be specified in  the convening notice. EXHIBIT 2.1
The convening of, and attendance to, our general meetings is subject to the  provisions of the Luxembourg Companies Law.  General meetings of shareholders will be convened in accordance with the  provisions of our articles of association and the Luxembourg Companies Law and the  requirement of any stock exchange on which our shares are listed. The Luxembourg  Companies Law provides -inter alia- that convening notices for every general meeting  will contain the agenda and must take the form of announcements filed with the register  of commerce and companies, published on the RESA, and published in a Luxembourg  newspaper at least 15 days before the meeting. As all our common shares are in  registered form, we may decide to send the convening notice only by registered mail to  the registered address of each shareholder no less than eight days before the meeting.  In that case, the legal requirements regarding the publication of the convening notice in  the RESA and in a Luxembourg newspaper do not apply. In the event (i) an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders is convened to  vote on an extraordinary resolution (See below under "Voting Rights" for additional  information), (ii) there is no quorum present at such meeting and/or (iii) a second  meeting is convened, the second meeting will be convened as specified above.  Pursuant to our articles of association, if all shareholders are present or  represented at a general meeting of shareholders and state that they have been  informed of the agenda of the meeting, the general meeting of shareholders may be  held without prior notice.  Our annual general meeting is held on the date set forth in the corresponding  convening notice within six months of the end of each financial year at our registered  office or such other place as specified in such convening notice.    Voting Rights    Each share entitles the holder thereof to one vote at a general meeting of  shareholders.  Luxembourg law distinguishes between ordinary resolutions and extraordinary  resolutions.  Ordinary Resolutions. Pursuant to our articles of association and the Luxembourg  Companies Law, ordinary resolutions shall be adopted by a simple majority of votes  validly cast on such resolution at a general meeting. Abstentions and nil votes will not be  taken into account.  EXHIBIT 2.1
Extraordinary Resolutions. Extraordinary resolutions are required for any of the  following matters, among others: (a) an increase or decrease of the authorized share  capital or issued share capital, (b) a limitation or exclusion of preemptive rights, (c) an  approval of a merger (fusion) or de-merger (scission), (d) a dissolution, (e) an  amendment to our articles of association and (f) a change of nationality. Pursuant to  Luxembourg law and our articles of association, for any extraordinary resolutions to be  considered at a general meeting, the quorum must be at least 50% of our issued share  capital. Any extraordinary resolution will be adopted at a quorate general meeting upon  a two-thirds majority of the votes validly cast on such resolution. In case such quorum is  not reached, a second meeting may be convened by our board of directors in which no  quorum is required, and which must still approve the amendment with two-thirds of the  votes validly cast. Abstentions and nil votes will not be taken into account.  Appointment and Removal of Directors. Members of our board of directors are  elected by ordinary resolution at a general meeting of shareholders. Under our articles  of association, all directors are elected for a period of up to four years, provided,  however, that our directors will be elected on a staggered basis. Any director may be  removed with or without cause and with or without prior notice by a simple majority vote  at any general meeting of shareholders. The articles of association provide that, in case  of a vacancy, our board of directors may fill such vacancy on a temporary basis by a  person appointed by the remaining members of our board of directors until the next  general meeting of shareholders, which will resolve on a permanent appointment. The  directors will be eligible for re-election indefinitely.  Neither Luxembourg law nor our articles of association contain any restrictions as  to the voting of our common shares by non-Luxembourg residents.  Amendment to Articles of Association    Shareholder Approval Requirements. Luxembourg law requires that an  amendment to our articles of association be made by extraordinary resolution. The  agenda of the general meeting of shareholders must include the proposed amendments  to the articles of association.  Pursuant to Luxembourg Companies Law and our articles of association, for an  extraordinary resolution to be considered at a general meeting, the quorum must be at  least 50% of our issued share capital. Any extraordinary resolution will be adopted at a  quorate general meeting (unless otherwise required by law) upon a two-thirds majority  of the votes validly cast on such resolution. If the quorum of 50% is not reached at this  meeting, a second general meeting may be convened, in which no quorum is required,  and may approve the resolution at a majority of two-third of votes validly cast.  Formalities. Any resolutions to amend the articles of association or to approve a  merger, de-merger, change of nationality, dissolution or change of nationality must be  EXHIBIT 2.1
made before a Luxembourg notary and such amendments must be published in  accordance with Luxembourg law.  Merger and Division    A merger by absorption whereby one Luxembourg company, after its dissolution  without liquidation, transfers to another company all of its assets and liabilities in  exchange for the issuance of common shares in the acquiring company to the  shareholders of the company being acquired, or a merger effected by transfer of assets  to a newly incorporated company, must, in principle, be approved at a general meeting  of shareholders by an extraordinary resolution of the Luxembourg company, and the  general meeting of shareholders must be held before a Luxembourg notary. Further  conditions and formalities under Luxembourg law are to be complied with in this respect.    Liquidation    In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, the assets remaining  after allowing for the payment of all liabilities will be paid out to the shareholders pro rata  according to their respective shareholdings. Generally, the decisions to liquidate,  dissolve or wind-up require the passing of an extraordinary resolution at a general  meeting of our shareholders, and such meeting must be held before a Luxembourg  notary.    Mandatory Bid  Mandatory Bid. In accordance with the provisions of article 8 of our articles of  association any person (the "Bidder") wishing to acquire by any means (including, but  not limited to, the conversion of any financial instrument convertible into common  shares), directly or indirectly, common shares of our Company (which, when aggregated  with his/her/its existing common share holdings, together with any shares held by a  person controlling the Bidder, controlled by the Bidder and/or under common control  with the Bidder, represent at least thirty-three point thirty-three percent (33.33%) of the  share capital of the Company (the "Threshold"), will have the duty to propose an  unconditional takeover bid to acquire the entirety of the then-outstanding common  shares together with any financial instrument convertible into common shares (the  "Takeover Bid").   The consideration for each common share and financial instrument convertible  into common shares payable to each holder thereof will be the same as, payable in  cash only, and not lower than the highest of the following prices:  EXHIBIT 2.1
(a) the highest price per common shares and financial instrument convertible into  common shares paid by the Bidder, or on behalf thereof, in relation to any acquisition of  common shares and the financial instruments convertible into common shares within the  twelve months period immediately preceding the takeover notice, adjusted as a  consequence of any division of shares, stock dividend, subdivision or reclassification  affecting or related to common shares and/or the financial instruments convertible into  common shares; or   (b) the highest closing sale price, during the sixty-day period immediately  preceding the takeover notice, of a common share of our Company as quoted by the  New York Stock Exchange, in each case as adjusted as a consequence of any division  of shares, stock dividend, subdivision or reclassification affecting or related to common  shares and financial instrument convertible into common shares.  No Appraisal Rights    Neither Luxembourg law nor our articles of association provide for any appraisal  rights of dissenting shareholders.    Distributions    Subject to Luxembourg law, if and when a dividend is declared by the general  meeting of shareholders or an interim dividend is declared by our board of directors,  each common share is entitled to participate equally in such distribution of funds legally  available for such purposes. Pursuant to our articles of association, our board of  directors may pay interim dividends, subject to Luxembourg law.    Declared and unpaid distributions held by us for the account of the shareholders  will not bear interest. Under Luxembourg law, claims for unpaid distributions will lapse in  our favor five years after the date such distribution became due and payable.    Any amount payable with respect to dividends and other distributions declared  and payable may be freely transferred out of Luxembourg, except that any specific  transfer may be prohibited or limited by anti-money laundering regulations, freezing  orders or similar restrictive measures.    Annual Accounts    Under Luxembourg law, our board of directors must prepare annual accounts and  consolidated accounts. Except for certain cases as provided for by Luxembourg law, our  board of directors must also annually prepare management reports on the annual  accounts and consolidated accounts. The annual accounts, the consolidated accounts,  management reports and auditor's reports must be available for inspection by  shareholders at our registered office and on our website for an uninterrupted period  EXHIBIT 2.1
beginning at least eight calendar days prior to the date of the annual ordinary general  meeting of shareholders.    The annual accounts and consolidated accounts are audited by an approved  statutory auditor (réviseur d'entreprises agréé).    The annual accounts and the consolidated accounts, will be filed with the  Luxembourg Trade and Companies Register (Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés of  Luxembourg).  Information Rights    Luxembourg law gives shareholders limited rights to inspect certain corporate  records prior to the date of the annual ordinary general meeting of shareholders,  including the annual accounts with the list of directors and auditors, the consolidated  accounts, the notes to the annual accounts and the consolidated accounts, a list of  shareholders whose common shares are not fully paid up, the management reports, the  auditor's report and, in case of amendments to the articles of association, the text of the  proposed amendments and the draft of the resulting consolidated articles of association.    In addition, any registered shareholder is entitled to receive, upon request, a  copy of the annual accounts, the consolidated accounts, the auditor's reports and the  management reports free of charge prior to the date of the annual ordinary general  meeting of shareholders.    Board of Directors    Globant S.A. is managed by our board of directors which is vested with the  broadest powers to take any actions necessary or useful to fulfill our corporate purpose  with the exception of actions reserved by law or our articles of association to the general  meeting of shareholders. Our articles of association provide that our board of directors  must consist of at least seven members and no more than fifteen members. Our board  of directors meets as often as company interests require.  A majority of the members of our board of directors present or represented at a  board meeting constitutes a quorum, and resolutions are adopted by the simple majority  vote of our board members present or represented. In the case of a tie, the chairman of  our board shall have the deciding vote. Our board of directors may also make decisions  by means of resolutions in writing signed by all directors.  Directors are elected by the general meeting of shareholders, and appointed for a  period of up to four years; provided, however, that directors are elected on a staggered  basis, with one-third of the directors being elected each year; and provided, further, that  such term may be exceeded by a period up to the annual general meeting held following  the fourth anniversary of the appointment, and each director will hold office until his or  EXHIBIT 2.1
her successor is elected. The general shareholders' meeting may remove one or more  directors at any time, without cause and without prior notice by a resolution passed by  simple majority vote. If our board of directors has a vacancy, such vacancy may be filled  on a temporary basis by a person designated by the remaining members of our board of  directors until the next general meeting of shareholders, which will resolve on a  permanent appointment. Any director shall be eligible for re-election indefinitely.    Within the limits provided for by applicable law and our articles of association, our  board of directors may delegate to one or more directors or to any one or more persons,  who need not be shareholders, acting alone or jointly, the daily management of Globant  S.A. and the authority to represent us in connection with such daily management. Our  board of directors may also grant special powers to any person(s) acting alone or jointly  with others as agent of Globant S.A.    Our board of directors may establish one or more committees, including without  limitation, an audit committee, a nominating and corporate governance committee, and  a compensation committee, and for which it will, if one or more of such committees are  set up, appoint members, determine the purpose, powers and authorities as well as the  procedures and such other rules as may be applicable thereto. Our board of directors  has established an audit committee, a compensation committee, and a nominating and  corporate governance committee.  On October 3, 2023, our board of directors established the position of lead  independent director and adopted the Lead Independent Director Charter, which  governs the lead independent director authority, responsibilities and duties.  The charter  provides that, in circumstances where the chairman of the board of directors is not  independent, the members of the board of directors may resolve to appoint from among  the independent directors a lead independent director.    No contract or other transaction between us and any other company or firm will  be affected or invalidated by the fact that any one or more of our directors or officers is  interested in, or is a director, associate, officer, agent, adviser or employee of such other  company or firm. Any director or officer who serves as a director, officer or employee or  otherwise of any company or firm with which we may contract or otherwise engage in  business will not, by reason of such affiliation with such other company or firm only, be  prevented from considering and voting or acting upon any matters with respect to such  contract or other business.   Any director who has, directly or indirectly, a conflicting interest in a transaction  submitted for approval to our board of directors that conflicts with our interest, must  inform our board of directors thereof and cause a record of his or her statement to be  included in the minutes of the meeting. Such director may not take part in these  deliberations and may not vote on the relevant transaction. At the next general meeting,  before any resolution is put to a vote, a special report is to be made on any transactions  in which any of the directors may have had an interest that conflicts with our interest.  EXHIBIT 2.1
No shareholding qualification for directors is required.    Any director and other officer, past and present, is entitled to indemnification from  us to the fullest extent permitted by law against liability and all expenses reasonably  incurred or paid by such director in connection with any claim, action, suit or proceeding  in which he or she is involved as a party or otherwise by virtue of his/her being or having  been a director. We may purchase and maintain insurance for any director or other  officer against any such liability.    No indemnification will be provided against any liability to our directors or  executive officers by reason of willful misconduct, bad faith, gross negligence or  reckless disregard of the duties of a director or officer. No indemnification will be  provided with respect to any matter as to which the director or officer may have been  finally adjudicated to have acted in bad faith and not in our interest, and no  indemnification will be provided in the event of a settlement (unless approved by a court  or our board of directors).    Registrars and Registers for Our Common Shares    All of our common shares are in registered form only.    We keep a register of common shares at our registered office in Luxembourg.  This register is available for inspection by any shareholder. In addition, we may appoint  registrars in different jurisdictions who will each maintain a separate register for the  registered common shares entered therein. It is possible for our shareholders to elect  the entry of their common shares in one of these registers and the transfer thereof at  any time from one register to any other, including to the register kept at our registered  office. However, our board of directors may restrict such transfers for common shares  that are registered, listed, quoted, dealt in or have been placed in certain jurisdictions in  compliance with the requirements applicable therein.    Our articles of association provide that the ownership of registered common  shares is established by inscription in the relevant register. We may consider the person  in whose name the registered common shares are registered in the relevant register as  the owner of such registered common shares.    Transfer Agent and Registrar    The transfer agent and registrar for our common shares is Equinity Trust  Company LLC (formerly known as American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC),  with an address at 6201 15th Avenue Brooklyn, New York, NY 11219.    Our common shares are listed on the NYSE under the symbol "GLOB".  EXHIBIT 2.1