EX-2.1
3
exhibit21descriptionofsecu.htm
EX-2.1
Document
Exhibit 2.1
DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT’S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
As of December 31, 2025, our share capital as registered with the commercial register of the Canton of Vaud, Switzerland (the “Commercial Register”) amounted to CHF 4,466,061.00 and was divided into 89,321,220 ordinary shares, each with a par value of CHF 0.05 per share.
Unless otherwise noted, the following is a summary of the material provisions of our share capital and our articles of association that are in effect on the date of this prospectus.
Changes in Our Share Capital During the Last Three Fiscal Years
In this section, share amounts are presented as of the date of the relevant transaction. Since January 1, 2023, our share capital has changed as follows:
•
On June 26, 2023, our share capital as registered with the Commercial Register on June 29, 2023 was increased by issuing 10,500,000 ordinary shares;
•
On June 24, 2024, our share capital as registered with the Commercial Register on July 12, 2024 was increased by issuing 2,423,056 ordinary shares; and
•
On November 5, 2025,
our share capital as registered with the Commercial Register on November 7, 2025 was increased by issuing 10,000,000 ordinary shares.
Articles of Association
Ordinary Capital Increase, Capital Range and Conditional Share Capital
Under Swiss law, we may increase our share capital (
capital-actions
) with a resolution of the general meeting of shareholders (ordinary capital increase) that must be carried out by the board of directors within six months of the respective general meeting in order to become effective. Under our articles of association and Swiss law, in the case of subscription and increase against payment of contributions in cash, a resolution passed by a majority of the shares represented at the general meeting of shareholders is required. In the case of subscription and increase against contributions in kind, by set-off against claims or to fund acquisitions in kind, when shareholders’ statutory pre-emptive subscription rights or advance subscription rights are limited or withdrawn or where transformation of freely disposable equity into share capital is involved, a resolution passed by two-thirds of the shares represented at the general meeting of shareholders and the majority of the par value of the shares represented is required.
Exhibit 2.1
As of January 1, 2023 companies can no longer adopt, increase or extend authorized share capital (
capital-actions autorisé
). Instead, companies may adopt a capital range as further explained below.
Under the Swiss Code of Obligations (
Code des obligations
) (the “Code of Obligations”), our shareholders, by a resolution passed by two-thirds of the shares represented at a general meeting of shareholders and the majority of the par value of the shares represented, can:
•    adopt conditional share capital (
capital-actions conditionnel
) in the aggregate amount of up to 50% of the share capital for the purpose of issuing shares in connection with, among other things, option and conversion rights granted to shareholders, the creditors of bonds and similar debt instruments, employees, members of the board of directors of the Company or of any group company, or to any third parties; and
•    may, in the form of capital range (
marge de fluctuation du capital
), empower our board of directors to increase and/or decrease our share capital by up to 50% of the share capital, by issuing or canceling shares, or by increasing or decreasing the par value of shares, including through the conditional share capital; such capital range is to be utilized by the board of directors within a period determined by the shareholders but not exceeding five years from the date of the shareholder approval.
Our shareholders at the annual general meeting held in 2023 have adopted a capital range, allowing our board of directors to increase or to lower the capital in the limits as stated in Article 4a of the Articles of Association, as well as conditional capital in Articles 4b and 4c. The capital range and the conditional capital have been amended at the annual general meeting held in 2025.
Pre-Emptive and Advance Subscription Rights
Pursuant to the Code of Obligations, shareholders have pre-emptive subscription rights (
droits de souscription préférentiels
) to subscribe for new issuances of shares. With respect to conditional capital, shareholders have (i) pre-emptive subscription rights for the subscription of option rights and (ii) advance subscription rights (
droit de souscription prioritaire
) for the subscription of bonds and similar debt instruments to which option or conversion rights are attached.
A resolution passed at a general meeting of shareholders by two-thirds of the shares represented and the majority of the par value of the shares represented may withdraw or limit, or authorize our board of directors to withdraw or limit, pre-emptive subscription rights or advance subscription rights in certain circumstances.
If pre-emptive subscription rights are granted, but not exercised, the board of directors may allocate the unexercised pre- emptive subscription rights at its discretion.
Our Capital Range
Under our articles of association, our board of directors is authorized at any time, including to prevent takeovers and changes in control, until June 18, 2030 at the latest to increase our nominal share capital to a maximum aggregate amount of CHF 4,979,862.30 through the issuance of not more than 33,199,082 shares, which would have to be fully paid-in, each with a par value of CHF 0.05 per share.
Increases in partial amounts are permitted. The board of directors has the power to determine the type of contributions, the issue price and the date on which the dividend entitlement starts.
With respect to our capital range, the board of directors is authorized by our articles of association to withdraw or to limit the pre-emptive subscription rights of shareholders, and to allocate them to third parties or to us or another company of our group, in the event that the newly issued shares are issued under the following circumstances:
•    if the issue price of the new registered shares is determined by reference to the market price;
•    for raising of capital (including private placements) in a fast and flexible manner, which would not be possible, or might only be possible with great difficulty or delays or at significantly less favorable conditions, without the exclusion of the statutory pre-emptive subscription rights of the existing shareholders;
•    for the acquisition of an enterprise, parts of an enterprise or participations, for the acquisition of products, intellectual property or licenses by or for investment projects of the Company or any of its group companies, or for the financing or refinancing of any of such transactions through a placement of shares;
Exhibit 2.1
•    for purposes of broadening the shareholder constituency of the Company in certain geographic, financial or investor markets, for purposes of the participation of strategic partners, or in connection with the listing of new shares on domestic or foreign stock exchanges;
•    for purposes of granting an over-allotment option or an option to purchase additional shares in a placement or sale of shares to the respective initial purchaser(s) or underwriter(s);
•    for the participation of members of the board of directors, members of the executive committee, employees, contractors, consultants or other persons performing services for the benefit of the Company or any of its group companies;
•    following a shareholder or a group of shareholders acting in concert having accumulated shareholdings in excess of 15% of our share capital registered in the Commercial Register without having submitted to all other shareholders a takeover offer recommended by the board of directors;
•    for the defense of an actual, threatened or potential takeover bid, that the board of directors, upon consultation with an independent financial adviser retained by it, has not recommended to the shareholders acceptance on the basis that the board of directors has not found the takeover bid to be financially fair to the shareholders or not to be in the Company’s interest; or
•    for other valid grounds in the sense of Article 652b para. 2 of the Code of Obligations.
In addition to the increase of share capital, our board of directors has the right to reduce the share capital to the minimum amount of CHF 3,319,908.20. According to the Articles of Association, our board of directors is entitled to determine the use of the reduction amount, to the extent necessary.
Our Conditional Share Capital
Conditional Share Capital for Financing, Acquisitions and Other Purposes
Our nominal share capital may be increased, including to prevent takeovers and changes in control, by a maximum aggregate amount of CHF 913,868.15 through the issuance of not more than 18,277,363 ordinary shares, which would have to be fully paid-in, each with a par value of CHF 0.05 per share, through the exercise or mandatory exercise of conversion, exchange, option, warrant or similar rights or obligations for the subscription of shares granted to shareholders or third parties on a stand-alone basis or in connection with bonds, notes, options, warrants or other securities or contractual obligations of the Company or any of its group companies. Shareholders will not have pre-emptive subscription rights in such circumstances, but will have advance subscription rights to subscribe for such warrants, convertible bonds or similar instruments. The holders of such warrants, convertible bonds or similar instruments are entitled to the new shares upon the occurrence of the applicable conversion feature.
When issuing such convertible bonds, warrants or similar instruments, the board of directors is authorized to withdraw or to limit the advance subscription right of shareholders:
•    for the purpose of financing or refinancing, or the payment for, the acquisition of enterprises, parts of enterprises, participations, intellectual property rights, licenses or investments;
•    if the issuance occurs in domestic or international capital markets, including private placements;
•    following a shareholder or a group of shareholders acting in concert having accumulated shareholdings in excess of 15% of the share capital registered in the Commercial Register without having submitted to all other shareholders a takeover offer recommended by the board of directors;
•    for the defense of an actual, threatened or potential takeover bid that the board of directors, upon consultation with an independent financial adviser retained by it, has not recommended to the shareholders to accept on the basis that the board of directors has not found the takeover bid to be financially fair to the shareholders or not to be in the Company’s interest; or
•    if such convertible bonds, warrants or similar instruments are issued on appropriate terms.
Exhibit 2.1
To the extent that the advance subscription rights are withdrawn or limited, (i) the convertible bonds, warrants or similar instruments are to be issued at market conditions; (ii) the term to exercise the convertible bonds, warrants or similar instruments may not exceed ten years from the date of issue of the respective instrument and (iii) the conversion, exchange or exercise price of the convertible bonds, warrants or similar instruments has to be set with reference to or be subject to change based upon the valuation of the Company’s equity or market conditions.
Conditional Share Capital for Employee Participation
Our nominal share capital may, to the exclusion of the pre-emptive subscription rights and advance subscription rights of shareholders, be increased by a maximum aggregate amount of CHF 1,069,162.35 through the (direct or indirect) issuance of not more than 21,383,247 ordinary shares, which would have to be fully paid-in, each with a par value of CHF 0.05 per share, or through the exercise or mandatory exercise of rights to acquire shares or through obligations to acquire shares that were granted to or imposed on members of the board of directors (or equivalent corporate body), members of the executive management, employees, contractors or consultants of the Company or its group companies, or other persons providing services to the Company or its group companies through one or more equity incentive plans, regulations or resolutions to be issue by the board of directors or, to the extent delegated to it, by the compensation committee.
Uncertificated Securities
Our shares are in the form of uncertificated securities (
droits-valeurs
, within the meaning of Article 973c of the Code of Obligations). In accordance with Article 973c of the Code of Obligations, we maintain a non-public register of uncertificated securities (
registre des droits-valeurs
). We may at any time convert uncertificated securities into share certificates (including global certificates), one kind of certificate into another, or share certificates (including global certificates) into uncertificated securities. Following entry in the share register, a shareholder may at any time request from us a written confirmation in respect of his, her or its shares. Shareholders are not entitled, however, to request the conversion and/or printing and delivery of share certificates. We may print and deliver certificates for shares at any time.
General Meeting of Shareholders
Ordinary/Extraordinary Meetings, Powers
The general meeting of shareholders is our supreme corporate body. Under Swiss law, an annual general meeting of shareholders must be held annually within six months after the end of a corporation’s financial year. In our case, this generally means on or before June 30. In addition, extraordinary general meetings of shareholders may be held.
A general meeting of shareholders may take place at different places simultaneously if the votes of the participants are immediately transmitted to all meeting venues (multilocal shareholders’ meeting). If the articles of association so permit, a general meeting of shareholders may be held outside Switzerland. The board of directors may allow shareholders that are not present at the meeting venue of the general meeting of shareholders to participate and exercise their rights electronically (“hybrid shareholder meeting”). A general meeting of shareholders without a physical meeting venue but that takes place using electronic means (“virtual shareholder meeting”) may be held, subject to certain legal requirements and if the articles of association so allow. Our articles of association currently do not provide for general meetings of shareholders outside Switzerland or virtual shareholder meetings.
According to our articles of association, the following powers are vested exclusively in the general meeting of shareholders:
•    adopting and amending the articles of association, including the change of a company’s purpose or domicile;
•    electing the members of the board of directors, the chairman of the board of directors, the members of the compensation committee, the auditors and the independent proxy;
•    approving the business report, the annual statutory and consolidated financial statements and deciding on the allocation of profits as shown on the balance sheet, in particular with regard to dividends;
•    approving the aggregate amount of compensation of members of the board of directors and the executive committee;
•    discharging the members of the board of directors and the executive committee from liability with respect to their conduct of business;
Exhibit 2.1
•    dissolving the company with or without liquidation; and
•    deciding matters reserved to the general meeting of shareholders by law or the articles of association or submitted to it by the board of directors.
In addition, the following powers are,
inter alia
, vested exclusively in the general meeting of shareholders by operation of statutory law: (i) determination of the interim dividend and approval of the requisite interim financial statements and (ii) repayment of the statutory capital reserve (
réserve légale
).
An extraordinary general meeting of shareholders may be called by a resolution of the board of directors or the general meeting of shareholders or, under certain circumstances, by a company’s auditors, liquidator or the representatives of bondholders, if any. In addition, our articles of association require the board of directors to convene an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders if shareholders representing at least 5% of our share capital request such general meeting of shareholders in writing. A request for an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders must set forth the items to be discussed and the proposals to be acted upon. Further, the board of directors must convene an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders and propose financial restructuring measures if, based on our stand-alone annual statutory balance sheet, half of our share capital and statutory reserves are not covered by our assets and a contemplated restructuring measure falls within the competence of the general meeting of shareholders.
Voting and Quorum Requirements
Shareholder resolutions and elections (including elections of members of the board of directors) require the affirmative vote of the majority of shares represented at the general meeting of shareholders, unless otherwise stipulated by law or our articles of association.
Under our articles of association, a resolution of the general meeting of shareholders passed by two- thirds of the votes and the majority of the par value of the shares, each as represented at the meeting, is required for:
•    amending the Company’s corporate purpose;
•    creating shares with preference rights;
•    cancelling or amending the restriction on the transferability of shares or their registration with voting rights;
•    creating conditional share capital;
•    increasing share capital out of equity, against contributions in-kind or for the purpose of acquiring specific assets and granting specific benefits;
•    limiting or withdrawing shareholders’ pre-emptive subscription rights;
•    changing a company’s domicile;
•    amending or repealing the voting and recording restrictions, the provision setting a maximum board size or the indemnification provision for the board of directors and the executive committee set forth in our articles of association;
•    converting registered shares into bearer shares;
•    removing the chairman or any member of the board of directors before the end of his or her term of office; and
•    dissolving or liquidating the Company.
In addition, a resolution of the general meeting of shareholders passed by two-thirds of the votes and the majority of the par value of the shares, each as represented at the meeting is, by operation of statutory law required for: (i) a consolidation of shares (reverse split); (ii) a capital increase through contribution by set-off; (iii) the introduction of a capital range (
marge de fluctuation du capital
); (iv) a conversion of participation certificates into shares; (v) a change of currency of the share capital; (vi) the introduction of a casting vote of the chairperson at the general meeting of shareholders; (vii) a provision in the articles of association regarding the holding of the general meeting of shareholders outside Switzerland; (viii) a delisting of the equity securities; and (ix) the introduction of an arbitration clause in the articles of association.
The same voting requirements apply to resolutions regarding transactions among corporations based on Switzerland’s Federal Act on Mergers, Demergers, Transformations and the Transfer of Assets of 2003, as amended (the “Swiss Merger Act”). See “—Articles of Association—Compulsory Acquisitions; Appraisal Rights.”
Exhibit 2.1
In accordance with Swiss law and generally accepted business practices, our articles of association do not provide quorum requirements generally applicable to general meetings of shareholders. To this extent, our practice varies from Nasdaq listing standards, which require an issuer to provide in its bylaws for a generally applicable quorum and that such quorum may not be less than one-third of the outstanding voting shares.
Notice
General meetings of shareholders must be convened by the board of directors at least 20 days before the date of the meeting. The general meeting of shareholders is convened by way of a notice appearing in our official publication medium, currently the Swiss Official Gazette of Commerce. Registered shareholders may also be informed by ordinary mail or e- mail. The notice of a general meeting of shareholders must state the date, the starting time, the form and location of the meeting, the items on the agenda, the motions to the shareholders including a short explanation for these motions, the name and address of the independent representative and, in case of elections, the names of the nominated candidates. A resolution on a matter which is not on the agenda may not be passed at a general meeting of shareholders, except for motions to convene an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders or to initiate a special investigation, on which the general meeting of shareholders may vote at any time. No previous notification is required for motions concerning items included in the agenda or for debates that do not result in a vote.
All owners or representatives of our shares may, if no objection is raised, hold a general meeting of shareholders without complying with the formal requirements for convening general meetings of shareholders (a universal meeting). This universal meeting of shareholders may discuss and pass binding resolutions on all matters within the purview of the general meeting of shareholders, provided that the owners or representatives of all the shares are present at the meeting.
Agenda Requests
Pursuant to our articles of association, one or more shareholders whose combined shareholdings represent 0.5% of our voting rights or of our share capital have the right to request that an item including a proposal, or a proposal with respect to an existing agenda item, be included in the agenda of a general meeting of shareholders.
To be timely, the shareholder’s request must be received by us generally at least 45 calendar days in advance of the meeting. The request must be made in writing and contain, for each of the agenda items, the following information:
•    a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the general meeting of shareholders and the reasons for conducting such business at the general meeting of shareholders;
•    the motions regarding the agenda item;
•    the name and address, as they appear in the share register, of the shareholder proposing such business;
•    the number of shares which are beneficially owned by such shareholder (including documentary support of such beneficial ownership);
•    the dates upon which the shareholder acquired such shares;
•    any material interest of the proposing shareholder in the proposed business;
•    a statement in support of the matter; and
•    all other information required under the applicable laws and stock exchange rules.
In addition, if the shareholder intends to solicit proxies from the shareholders of a company, such shareholder shall notify the company of this intent in accordance with SEC Rule 14a-4 and/or Rule 14a-8.
Exhibit 2.1
Our business report, the compensation report and the auditors’ report must be made available for inspection by the shareholders no later than 20 days prior to the general meeting of shareholders. It said reports are not made available electronically, any shareholder may request delivery thereof.
Voting Rights
Each of our ordinary shares entitles a holder to one vote. The ordinary shares are not divisible. The right to vote and the other rights of share ownership may only be exercised by shareholders (including any nominees) or usufructuaries who are entered in the share register at a cut-off date determined by the board of directors. Those entitled to vote in the general meeting of shareholders may be represented by the independent proxy holder (annually elected by the general meeting of shareholders), by its legal representative or by another registered shareholder with written authorization to act as proxy.
The chairman has the power to decide whether to recognize a power of attorney.
Our articles of association contain provisions that prevent investors from acquiring voting rights exceeding 15% of our issued share capital. Specifically, if an individual or legal entity acquires ordinary shares and, as a result, directly or indirectly, has voting rights with respect to more than 15% of the registered share capital recorded in the Commercial Register, the registered shares exceeding the limit of 15% shall be entered in the share register as shares without voting rights (
limitation à l’inscription
). This restriction applies equally to parties acting in concert and to shares held or acquired via a nominee, including via Cede & Co., New York (or any successor), as the nominee of The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”), New York, acting in its capacity as clearing nominee. Specifically, if shares are being held by a nominee for third-party beneficiaries, which control (alone or together with third parties) voting rights with respect to more than 15% of the share capital recorded in the Commercial Register, our articles of association provide that the board of directors may cancel the registration of the shares with voting rights held by such nominee in excess of the limit of 15%. Furthermore, our articles of association contain provisions that allow the board of directors to make the registration with voting rights of shares held by a nominee subject to conditions, limitations and reporting requirements or to impose or adjust such conditions, limitations and requirements once registered.
However, any shareholders who held more than 15% prior to our initial public offering remain registered with voting rights for such shares. Furthermore, the board of directors may in special cases approve exceptions to these restrictions.
Dividends and Other Distributions
Our board of directors may propose to shareholders that a dividend or interim dividend or other distribution be paid but cannot itself authorize the distribution. Dividend and interim dividend payments require a resolution passed by a majority of the shares represented at a general meeting of shareholders. In addition, our auditors must confirm that the dividend proposal of our board of directors conforms to Swiss statutory law and our articles of association.
Under Swiss law, we may pay dividends only if we have sufficient distributable profits from the previous business year (
bénéfice de l’exercice
) or brought forward from the previous business years (
report des bénéfices
) or if we have distributable capital reserves (
réserve légale issue du capital
), each as evidenced by audited stand-alone statutory annual or interim financial statements prepared pursuant to Swiss law, and after allocations to reserves required by Swiss law and by the articles of association have been deducted.
Exhibit 2.1
Under the Code of Obligations, at least 5% of our annual profit must be retained as statutory profit reserve (
réserve légale
). If there is a loss carried forward, such loss must be eliminated before allocation to the statutory profit reserve. The statutory profit reserve shall be accumulated until it reaches, together with the statutory capital reserve, 50% of our share capital recorded in the Commercial Register. In addition, we have to allocate, among other things, the net proceeds of share issuances to the statutory capital reserve. The Code of Obligations permits us to accrue additional reserves. Further, a purchase of our own shares (whether by us or a subsidiary) reduces the distributable reserves in an amount corresponding to the purchase price of such own shares. Finally, the Code of Obligations under certain circumstances requires the creation of revaluation reserves which are not distributable.
Distributions out of issued share capital (i.e., the aggregate par value of our issued shares) are not allowed and may be made only by way of an ordinary capital reduction or within a capital range that (also) allows for a capital reduction (see “—Articles of Association—Ordinary Capital Increase, Capital Range and Conditional Share Capital”). An ordinary capital reduction requires a resolution passed by a majority of the shares represented at a general meeting of shareholders. The board of directors must publish a call to creditors in the Swiss Official Gazette of Commerce in which creditors are advised that they may request, subject to certain conditions, security for their claims within 30 days of the publication of the creditor call. A licensed audit expert must then confirm, based on the results of the call to creditors, that the claims of the creditors remain fully covered despite the reduction in our share capital recorded in the Commercial Register. If all requirements for an ordinary capital reduction have been met, the board of directors has to amend the articles of association in a public deed. Our share capital may be reduced below CHF 100,000 only if and to the extent that at the same time the statutory minimum share capital of CHF 100,000 is reestablished by sufficient new fully paid-up capital. An ordinary capital reduction must be completed within six months after the resolution of the general meeting of shareholders.
Our board of directors determines the date on which the dividend entitlement starts. Dividends are usually due and payable shortly after the shareholders have passed the resolution approving the payment, but shareholders may also resolve at the annual general meeting of shareholders to pay dividends in quarterly or other installments.
Transfer of Shares
Shares in uncertificated form (
droits-valeurs
) may only be transferred by way of assignment. Shares or the beneficial interest in shares, as applicable, credited in a securities account may only be transferred when a credit of the relevant intermediated securities to the acquirer’s securities account is made in accordance with applicable rules. Our articles of association provide that in the case of securities held with an intermediary such as a registrar, transfer agent, trust corporation, bank or similar entity, any transfer, grant of a security interest or usufructuary right in such intermediated securities and the appurtenant rights associated therewith requires the cooperation of the intermediary in order for such transfer, grant of a security interest or usufructuary right to be valid against us.
Voting rights may be exercised only after a shareholder has been entered in the share register (
registre des actions
) with his, her or its name and address (in the case of legal entities, the registered office) as a shareholder with voting rights. For a discussion of the restrictions applicable to the control and exercise of voting rights, see “——Articles of Association—Voting Rights.”
Inspection of Books and Records
Under the Code of Obligations, a shareholder has a right to inspect the share register with respect to his, her or its own shares and otherwise to the extent necessary to exercise his, her or its shareholder rights. No other person has a right to inspect the share register. Shareholders holding in the aggregate at least 5% of our nominal share capital or of our voting rights have the right to inspect our books and correspondence, subject to the safeguarding of our business secrets and other legitimate interests. Our board of directors is required to decide on an inspection request within four months after receipt of such request. Denial of the request will need to be justified in writing. If an inspection request is denied by the board of directors, shareholders may request the order of an inspection by the court within thirty days. See “—Comparison of Swiss Law and Delaware Law—Inspection of books and records.”
Exhibit 2.1
Special Investigation
If a shareholder has exercised its information or inspection rights, such shareholder may propose to the general meeting of shareholders that specific facts be examined by a special examiner in a special investigation. If the general meeting of shareholders approves the proposal, we or any shareholder may, within 30 calendar days after the general meeting of shareholders, request a court at our registered office (currently Rolle, Canton of Vaud, Switzerland) to appoint a special examiner. If the general meeting of shareholders rejects the request, one or more shareholders representing at least 5% of our share capital or voting rights may request that the court appoint a special examiner. The court will issue such an order if the petitioners can demonstrate that members of the board of directors or our executive committee infringed the law or our articles of association and that such violation is suitable to cause a damage to the Company or the shareholders. The costs of the investigation would generally be allocated to us and only in exceptional cases to the petitioners
Compulsory Acquisitions; Appraisal Rights
Business combinations and other transactions that are governed by the Swiss Merger Act (i.e., mergers, demergers, transformations and certain asset transfers) are binding on all shareholders. A statutory merger or demerger requires approval of two-thirds of the shares represented at a general meeting of shareholders and the majority of the par value of the shares represented.
If a transaction under the Swiss Merger Act receives all of the necessary consents, all shareholders are compelled to participate in such transaction.
Swiss corporations may be acquired by an acquirer through the direct acquisition of the shares of the Swiss corporation. The Swiss Merger Act provides for the possibility of a so-called “cash-out” or “squeeze-out” merger with the approval of holders of 90% of the issued shares. In these limited circumstances, minority shareholders of the corporation being acquired may be compensated in a form other than through shares of the acquiring corporation (for instance, through cash or securities of a parent corporation of the acquiring corporation or of another corporation). For business combinations effected in the form of a statutory merger or demerger and subject to Swiss law, the Swiss Merger Act provides that if equity rights have not been adequately preserved or compensation payments in the transaction are unreasonable, a shareholder may request the competent court to determine a reasonable amount of compensation.
In addition, under Swiss law, the sale of “all or substantially all of our assets” by us may require the approval of two-thirds of the number of shares represented at a general meeting of shareholders and the majority of the par value of the shares represented. Whether a shareholder resolution is required depends on the particular transaction, including whether the following test is satisfied:
•    a core part of our business is sold, without which it is economically impracticable or unreasonable to continue to operate the remaining business;
•    our assets, after the divestment, are not invested in accordance with our corporate purpose as set forth in the articles of association; and
•    the proceeds of the divestment are not earmarked for reinvestment in accordance with our corporate purpose but, instead, are intended for distribution to our shareholders or for financial investments unrelated to our corporate purpose.
A shareholder of a Swiss corporation participating in certain major corporate transactions may, under certain circumstances, be entitled to appraisal rights. As a result, such shareholder may, in addition to the consideration (be it in shares or in cash) receive an additional amount to ensure that the shareholder receives the fair value of the shares held by the shareholder. Following a statutory merger or demerger, pursuant to the Swiss Merger Act, shareholders can file an appraisal action against the surviving company. If the consideration is deemed inadequate, the court will determine an adequate compensation payment.
Exhibit 2.1
Board of Directors
Our articles of association provide that the board of directors shall consist of at least three and not more than eight members.
The members of the board of directors and the chairman are elected annually by the general meeting of shareholders for a period until the completion of the subsequent annual general meeting of shareholders and are eligible for re-election. Each member of the board of directors must be elected individually.
Powers
According to our articles of association, the board of directors has the following non-delegable and inalienable powers and duties:
•    the ultimate direction of the business of the Company and issuing of the relevant directives;
•    laying down the organization of the Company;
•    formulating accounting procedures, financial controls and financial planning;
•    nominating and removing persons entrusted with the management and representation of the Company and regulating the power to sign for the Company;
•    the ultimate supervision of those persons entrusted with management of the Company, with particular regard to adherence to law, our articles of association and regulations and directives of the Company;
•    issuing the business report and the compensation report, and preparing for the general meeting of shareholders and carrying out its resolutions; and
•    informing the court in case of over-indebtedness.
By operation of statutory law, the board of directors has,
inter alia
, the additional non-delegable and inalienable power and
duty to submit an application for debt-restructuring moratorium if needed.
The board of directors may, while retaining such non-delegable and inalienable powers and duties, delegate some of its powers, in particular direct management, to a single or to several of its members, committees or to third parties (such as executive officers) who need be neither members of the board of directors nor shareholders. Pursuant to Swiss law and our articles of association, details of the delegation and other procedural rules such as quorum requirements have been set in the organizational rules established by the board of directors.
Indemnification of Executive Officers and Directors
Subject to Swiss law, our articles of association provide for indemnification of the existing and former members of the board of directors and the executive committee and their heirs, executors and administrators against liabilities arising in connection with the performance of their duties in such capacity, and permits us to advance the expenses of defending any act, suit or proceeding to our directors and executive officers to the extent not included in insurance coverage or advanced by third parties.
In addition, under general principles of Swiss employment law, an employer may be required to indemnify an employee against losses and expenses incurred by such employee in the proper execution of his or her duties under the employment agreement with the employer. See “—Comparison of Swiss Law and Delaware Law—Indemnification of directors and executive officers and limitation of liability.”
Conflicts of Interest, Management Transactions
The members of the board of directors and the executive committee are required to immediately and fully inform the board of directors about conflicts of interests concerning them. The board of directors is furthermore required to take measures in order to protect the interests of the company. More generally, the Code of Obligations requires our directors and executive officers to safeguard the Company’s interests and imposes a duty of loyalty and duty of care on our directors and executive officers. This rule is generally understood to disqualify directors and executive officers from participation in decisions that directly affect them. Our directors and executive officers are personally liable to us for
Exhibit 2.1
breaches of these obligations. In addition, Swiss law contains provisions under which directors and all persons engaged in the Company’s management are liable to the Company, each shareholder and the Company’s creditors for damages caused by an intentional or negligent violation of their duties. Furthermore, Swiss law contains a provision under which payments made to any of the Company’s shareholders or directors or any person related to any such shareholder or director, other than payments made at arm’s length, must be repaid to the Company if such shareholder or director acted in bad faith.
Our board of directors has adopted a Code of Ethics and other policies that cover a broad range of matters, including the handling of conflicts of interest.
Principles of the Compensation of the Board of Directors and the Executive Committee
Pursuant to Swiss law, the aggregate amount of compensation of the board of directors and the persons whom the board of directors has, fully or partially, entrusted with the management (which we refer to as our “executive committee”) of the Company has to be submitted to our shareholders for approval each year. All of our executive officers named in “Management” are deemed to be members of our executive committee.
The board of directors must issue, on an annual basis, a written compensation report that must be reviewed by our auditors. The compensation report must disclose, among other things, all compensation granted by the Company, directly or indirectly, to current members of the board of directors and the executive committee and, to the extent related to their former role within the Company or not on customary market terms, to former members of the board of directors and former executive officers.
The disclosure concerning compensation, loans and other forms of indebtedness must include the aggregate amount for the board of directors and the executive committee, respectively, as well as the particular amount for each member of the board of directors and for the highest-paid executive officer, specifying the name and function of each of these persons.
We are prohibited from granting certain forms of compensation to members of our board of directors and executive committee, such as:
•    severance payments (compensation due until the termination of a contractual relationship does not qualify as severance payment);
•    advance compensation;
•    incentive fees for the acquisition or transfer of companies, or parts thereof, by the Company or by companies being, directly or indirectly, controlled by us;
•    loans, other forms of indebtedness, pension benefits not based on occupational pension schemes and performance-based compensation not provided for in the articles of association; and
•    equity-based compensation not provided for in the articles of association.
Compensation to members of the board of directors and the executive committee for activities in entities that are directly or indirectly controlled by the Company is prohibited if (i) the compensation would be prohibited if it were paid directly by the Company, (ii) the articles of association do not provide for it, or (iii) the compensation has not been approved by the general meeting of shareholders.
Each year, the general meeting of shareholders has to vote on the proposals of the board of directors with respect to:
•    the maximum aggregate amount of compensation of the board of directors for the term of office until the next annual general meeting of shareholders; and
Exhibit 2.1
•    the maximum aggregate amount of fixed compensation of the executive committee for the following financial year; and
•    the maximum aggregate amount of variable compensation of the executive committee for the current financial year.
The board of directors may submit for approval at the general meeting of shareholders deviating or additional proposals relating to the same or different periods.
If, at the general meeting of shareholders, the shareholders do not approve a compensation proposal of the board of directors, the board of directors must prepare a new proposal, taking into account all relevant factors, and submit the new proposal for approval by the same general meeting of shareholders at a subsequent extraordinary general meeting of shareholders or the next annual general meeting of shareholders.
In addition to fixed compensation, members of the board of directors and the executive committee may be paid variable compensation depending on the achievement of certain performance criteria. The performance criteria may include individual targets, targets of the Company or parts thereof and targets in relation to the market, other companies or comparable benchmarks, taking into account the position and level of responsibility of the recipient of the variable compensation. The board of directors or, where delegated to it, the compensation committee shall determine the relative weight of the performance criteria and the respective target values.
Compensation may be paid or granted in the form of cash, shares, financial instruments, in kind, or in the form of other types of benefits. The board of directors or, where delegated to it, the compensation committee shall determine grant, vesting, exercise and forfeiture conditions.
Borrowing Powers
Neither Swiss law nor our articles of association restricts our power to borrow and raise funds. The decision to borrow funds is made by or under the direction of our board of directors and no approval by the shareholders is required in relation to any such borrowing.
Repurchases of Shares and Purchases of Own Shares
The Code of Obligations limits our ability to repurchase and hold our own shares. We and our subsidiaries may repurchase shares only to the extent that (i) we have freely distributable reserves in the amount of the purchase price and (ii) the aggregate par value of all shares held by us does not exceed 10% of our share capital. Pursuant to Swiss law, where shares are acquired in connection with a transfer restriction set out in the articles of association, the foregoing upper limit is 20%. If we own shares that exceed the threshold of 10% of our share capital, the excess must be sold or cancelled by means of a capital reduction within two years.
Shares held by us or our subsidiaries are not entitled to vote at the general meeting of shareholders but are entitled to the economic benefits applicable to the shares generally, including dividends and pre-emptive subscription rights in the case of share capital increases.
In addition, selective share repurchases are only permitted under certain circumstances. Within these limitations, as is customary for Swiss corporations, we may, subject to applicable law, purchase and sell our own shares from time to time in order to meet imbalances of supply and demand, to provide liquidity and to even-out variances in the market price of shares.
Exhibit 2.1
Notification and Disclosure of Substantial Share Interests
The disclosure obligations generally applicable to shareholders of Swiss corporations under the Federal Act on Financial Market Infrastructures and Market Conduct in Securities and Derivatives Trading, or the Financial Market Infrastructure Act (the “FMIA”), do not apply to us since our shares are not listed on a Swiss exchange.
Mandatory Bid Rules
The obligation of any person or group of persons that acquires more than one third of a company’s voting rights to submit a cash offer for all the outstanding listed equity securities of the relevant company at a minimum price pursuant to the FMIA does not apply to us since our shares are not listed on a Swiss exchange.
Stock Exchange Listing
Our common shares are listed on Nasdaq under the symbol “SOPH.”
The Depository Trust Company
Each person owning a beneficial interest in common shares held through DTC must rely on the procedures thereof and on institutions that have accounts therewith to exercise any rights of a holder of the shares.
Transfer Agent and Registrar of Shares
Our share register is kept by Computershare Trust Company, N.A., which acts as transfer agent and registrar. The share register reflects only record owners of our shares. Swiss law does not recognize fractional share interests.
Comparison of Swiss Law and Delaware Law
The Swiss laws applicable to Swiss corporations and their shareholders differ from laws applicable to U.S. corporations and their shareholders. The following table summarizes significant differences in shareholder rights pursuant to the provisions of the Code of Obligations, by which our Company is governed (but see the introduction to this Exhibit 2.1 regarding the two-year transition period that currently applies), and the Delaware General Corporation Law applicable to companies incorporated in Delaware and their shareholders. Please note that this is only a general summary of certain provisions applicable to companies in Delaware. Certain Delaware companies may be permitted to exclude certain of the provisions summarized below in their charter documents.
Exhibit 2.1
DELAWARE CORPORATE LAW    SWISS CORPORATE LAW
Mergers and similar arrangements
Under the Delaware General Corporation Law, with certain exceptions, a merger, consolidation, sale, lease or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of a corporation must be approved by the board of directors and a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote thereon. A shareholder of a Delaware corporation participating in certain major corporate transactions may, under certain circumstances, be entitled to appraisal rights pursuant to which such shareholder may receive cash in the amount of the fair value of the shares held by such shareholder (as determined by a court) in lieu of the consideration such shareholder would otherwise receive in the transaction. The Delaware General Corporation Law also provides that a parent corporation, by resolution of its board of directors, may merge with any subsidiary, of which it owns at least 90.0% of each class of capital stock without a vote by the shareholders of such subsidiary. Upon any such merger, dissenting shareholders of the subsidiary would have appraisal rights.
Under Swiss law, with certain exceptions, a merger or a demerger of the corporation or a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of a corporation must be approved by two-thirds of the voting rights represented at the respective general meeting of shareholders as well as the majority of the par value of shares represented at such general meeting of shareholders. A shareholder of a Swiss corporation participating in a statutory merger or demerger pursuant to the Swiss Merger Act
(Loi sur la fusion la scission, la transformation et le transfert de patrimoine
) can file a lawsuit against the surviving company. If the consideration is deemed “inadequate,” such shareholder may, in addition to the consideration (be it in shares or in cash) receive an additional amount to ensure that such shareholder receives the fair value of the shares held by such shareholder. Swiss law also provides that if the merger agreement provides only for a compensation payment, at least 90% of all members in the transferring legal entity who are entitled to vote shall approve the merger agreement.
Shareholders’ suits
Class actions and derivative actions generally are available to shareholders of a Delaware corporation for, among other things, breach of fiduciary duty, corporate waste and actions not taken in accordance with applicable law. In such actions, the court has discretion to permit the winning party to recover attorneys’ fees incurred in connection with such action.
Class actions and derivative actions as such are not available under Swiss law. Nevertheless, certain actions may have a similar effect. A shareholder is entitled to bring suit against directors, officers or liquidators for breach of their duties and claim the payment of the company’s losses or damages to the corporation and, in some cases, to the individual shareholder. Likewise, an appraisal lawsuit won by a shareholder may indirectly compensate all shareholders. In addition, to the extent that U.S. laws and regulations provide a basis for liability and U.S. courts have jurisdiction, a class action may be available.
Under Swiss law, the winning party is generally entitled to recover a limited amount of attorneys’ fees incurred in connection with such action. The court has discretion to permit the shareholder who lost the lawsuit to recover attorneys’ fees incurred to the extent that he or she acted in good faith.
Exhibit 2.1
DELAWARE CORPORATE LAW    SWISS CORPORATE LAW
Shareholder vote on board and management compensation
Under the Delaware General Corporation Law, the board of directors has the authority to fix the compensation of directors, unless otherwise restricted by the certificate of incorporation or bylaws.
Pursuant to Swiss law, the general meeting of shareholders has the non-transferable right, amongst others, to vote separately and bindingly on the aggregate amount of compensation of the members of the board of directors, of the executive committee and of the advisory boards.
Annual vote on board renewal
Unless directors are elected by written consent in lieu of an annual meeting, directors are elected in an annual meeting of shareholders on a date and at a time designated by or in the manner provided in the bylaws. Re-election is possible.
Classified boards are permitted.
The general meeting of shareholders elects the members of the board of directors, the chairperson of the board of directors and the members of the compensation committee individually and annually for a term of office until the end of the following general meeting of shareholders. Re-election is possible.
Indemnification of directors and executive officers and limitation of liability
The Delaware General Corporation Law provides that a certificate of incorporation may contain a provision eliminating or limiting the personal liability of directors and officers  of the corporation for monetary damages for breach of a fiduciary duty as a director or officer, except no provision in the certificate of incorporation may eliminate or limit:
•
the liability of a director or officer for any breach of the duty of loyalty to the corporation or its shareholder
•
the liability of a director or officer for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law;
•
a director’s statutory liability for unlawful payment of dividends or unlawful share purchase or redemption;
•
the liability of a director or officer for any transaction from which the director or officer derived an improper personal benefit; or
•
the liability of an officer in any action by or in the right of the corporation.
A Delaware corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any proceeding, other than an action by or on behalf of
the corporation, because the person is or was a director or officer, against liability incurred in connection with the proceeding if the director or officer acted in good faith and in a manner reasonably believed to be in, or not opposed to, the best interests of the corporation; and the director or officer, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful.
Unless ordered by a court, any foregoing indemnification is subject to a determination that the director or officer has met the applicable standard of conduct
•
by a majority vote of the directors who are not parties to the proceeding, even though less than a quorum;
•
by a committee of directors designated by a majority vote of the eligible directors, even though less than a quorum;
•
by independent legal counsel in a written opinion if there are no eligible directors or if the eligible directors so direct; or
•
by the shareholders
Under Swiss corporate law, an indemnification by the corporation of a director or member of the executive committee in relation to potential personal liability is not effective to the extent the director or member of the executive committee intentionally or negligently violated his or her corporate duties towards the corporation (certain views advocate that at least a grossly negligent violation is required to exclude the indemnification). Furthermore, the general meeting of shareholders may discharge (release) the directors and members of the executive committee from liability for their conduct to the extent the respective facts are known to shareholders. Such discharge is effective only with respect to claims of the company and of those shareholders who approved the discharge or who have since acquired their shares in full knowledge of the discharge. Most violations of corporate law are regarded as violations of duties towards the corporation rather than towards the shareholders. In addition, indemnification of other controlling persons is not permitted under Swiss corporate law, including shareholders of the corporation.
The articles of association of a Swiss corporation may also set forth that the corporation shall indemnify and hold harmless, to the extent permitted by the law, the directors and executive managers out of assets of the corporation against threatened, pending or completed actions.
Also, a corporation may enter into and pay for directors’ and officers’ liability insurance, which may cover negligent acts as well.
Exhibit 2.1
DELAWARE CORPORATE LAW    SWISS CORPORATE LAW
Moreover, a Delaware corporation may not indemnify a director or officer in connection with any proceeding in which the director or officer has been adjudged to be liable to the corporation unless and only to the extent that the court determines that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, the director or officer is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for those expenses which the court deems proper.
Exhibit 2.1
DELAWARE CORPORATE LAW    SWISS CORPORATE LAW
Directors’ fiduciary duties
A director of a Delaware corporation has a fiduciary duty to the corporation and its shareholders. This duty has two components:
•    the duty of care; and
•    the duty of loyalty.
The duty of care requires that a director act in good faith, with the care that an ordinarily prudent person would exercise under similar circumstances. Under this
duty, a director must inform himself or herself of, and disclose to shareholders, all material information reasonably available regarding a significant transaction.
The duty of loyalty requires that a director act in a manner he or she reasonably believes to be in the best interests of the corporation. He or she must not use his or her corporate position for personal gain or advantage. This duty prohibits self-dealing by a director and mandates that the best interest of the corporation and its shareholders take precedence over any interest possessed by a director, officer or controlling shareholder and not shared by the shareholders generally. In general, actions of a director are presumed to have been made on an informed basis, in good faith and in the honest belief that the action taken was in the best interests of the corporation. However, this presumption may be rebutted by evidence of a breach of one of the fiduciary duties.
Should such evidence be presented concerning a transaction by a director, a director must prove the procedural fairness of the transaction and that the transaction was of fair value to the corporation.
The board of directors of a Swiss corporation manages the business of the corporation, unless responsibility for such management has been duly delegated to the executive committee based on organizational rules. However, there are several non-transferable duties of the board of directors:
•    the overall management of the corporation and the issuing of all necessary directives;
•    determination of the corporation’s organization;
•    the organization of the accounting, financial control and financial planning systems as required for management of the corporation;
•    the appointment and dismissal of persons entrusted with managing and representing the corporation;
•    overall supervision of the persons entrusted with managing the corporation, in particular with regard to compliance with the law, articles of association, operational regulations and directives;
•    compilation of the annual report, preparation for the general meeting of the shareholders, the compensation report and implementation of its resolutions; and
•    the filing an application for a debt restructuring moratorium and notification of the court in the event that the company is over-indebted.
The members of the board of directors must perform their duties with all due diligence and safeguard the interests of the corporation in good faith. They must afford the shareholders equal treatment in equal circumstances.
The duty of care requires that a director act in good faith, with the care that an ordinarily prudent director would exercise under like circumstances.
The members of the board of directors and the executive committee are required to immediately and fully inform the board of directors about conflicts of interests concerning them. The board of directors is furthermore required to take measures in order to protect the interests of the company.
The duty of loyalty requires that a director safeguard the interests of the corporation and requires that directors act in the interest of the corporation and, if necessarily, put aside their own interests. If there is a risk of a conflict of interest, the board of directors must take appropriate measures to ensure that the interests of the company are duly taken into account.
The burden of proof for a violation of these duties is with the corporation or with the shareholder bringing a suit against the director.
The Swiss Federal Supreme Court has established a doctrine that restricts its review of a business decision if
Exhibit 2.1
DELAWARE CORPORATE LAW    SWISS CORPORATE LAW
the decision has been taken following proper preparation, on an informed basis and without conflicts of interest.
Exhibit 2.1
DELAWARE CORPORATE LAW    SWISS CORPORATE LAW
Shareholder action by written consent
A Delaware corporation may, in its certificate of incorporation, eliminate the right of shareholders to act by written consent.
Shareholders of a Swiss corporation may exercise their voting rights in a general meeting of shareholders.  Shareholders can only act by written consents if no shareholder requests a general meeting of shareholders. The articles of association must allow for (independent) proxies to be present at a general meeting of shareholders. The instruction of such (independent) proxies may occur in writing or electronically.
Shareholder proposals
A shareholder of a Delaware corporation has the right to put any proposal before the annual meeting of shareholders, provided it complies with the notice provisions in the governing documents. A special meeting may be called by the board of directors or any other person authorized to do so in the governing documents, but shareholders may be precluded from calling special meetings.
At any general meeting of shareholders any shareholder may put proposals to the meeting if the proposal is part of an agenda item. No resolution may be taken on proposals relating to the agenda items that were not duly notified.
Unless the articles of association provide for a lower threshold or for additional shareholders’ rights:
•
shareholders together representing at least 5% of the share capital or voting rights may demand that a general meeting of shareholders be called for specific agenda items and specific proposals; and
•
shareholders together representing shares with a par value of at least 5%, or 0.5% in case of a listed company, of the share capital or the voting rights may demand that an agenda item including a specific proposal, or a proposal with respect to an existing agenda item, be put on the agenda for a scheduled general meeting of shareholders, provided such request is made with appropriate lead time.
Exhibit 2.1
DELAWARE CORPORATE LAW    SWISS CORPORATE LAW
Any shareholder can propose candidates for election as directors or make other proposals within the scope of an agenda item without prior written notice.
In addition, any shareholder is entitled, at a general meeting of shareholders and without advance notice, to (i) request information from the board of directors on the affairs of the company (note, however, that the right to obtain such information is limited), (ii) request information from the auditors on the methods and results of their audit,
(iii) request that the general meeting of shareholders resolve to convene an extraordinary general meeting, or (iv) request that the general meeting of shareholders resolve to appoint an examiner to carry out a special examination (“
examen
spécial
”).
Cumulative voting
Under the Delaware General Corporation Law, cumulative voting for elections of directors is not permitted unless the corporation’s certificate of incorporation provides for it.
Cumulative voting is not permitted under Swiss corporate law. Pursuant to Swiss law, shareholders can vote for each proposed candidate, but they are not allowed to cumulate their votes for single candidates. An annual individual election of (i) all members of the board of directors, (ii) the chairperson of the board of directors, (iii) the members of the compensation committee, (iv) the election of the independent proxy for a term of
office of one year (i.e., until the following annual general meeting of shareholders), as well as the vote on the aggregate amount of compensation of the members of the board of directors, of the executive committee and of the members of any advisory board, is mandatory for listed companies. Re-election is permitted.
Exhibit 2.1
DELAWARE CORPORATE LAW    SWISS CORPORATE LAW
Removal of directors
A Delaware corporation with a classified board may be removed only for cause with the approval of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote, unless the certificate of incorporation provides otherwise.
A Swiss corporation may remove, with or without cause, any director at any time with a resolution passed by a majority of the shares represented at a general meeting of shareholders. The articles of association may require the approval by a supermajority of the shares represented at a meeting for the removal of a director.
Transactions with interested shareholders
The Delaware General Corporation Law generally prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in certain business combinations with an “interested shareholder” for three years following the date that such person becomes an interested shareholder. An interested shareholder generally is a person or group who or which owns or owned 15.0% or more of the corporation’s outstanding voting shares within the past three years.
No such rule applies to a Swiss corporation.
Dissolution; Winding-up
Unless the board of directors of a Delaware corporation approves the proposal to dissolve, dissolution must be approved by shareholders holding 100.0% of the total voting power of the corporation. Only if the dissolution is initiated by the board of directors may it be approved by a simple majority of the corporation’s outstanding shares. Delaware law allows a Delaware corporation to include in its certificate of incorporation a supermajority voting requirement in connection with dissolutions initiated by the board.
A dissolution of a Swiss corporation requires the approval by two-thirds of the voting rights represented at the respective general meeting of shareholders as well as the majority of the par value of shares represented at such general meeting of shareholders. The articles of association may increase the voting thresholds required for such a resolution.
Variation of rights of shares
A Delaware corporation may vary the rights of a class of shares with the approval of a majority of the outstanding shares of such class, unless the certificate of incorporation provides otherwise.
The general meeting of shareholders of a Swiss corporation may resolve that preference shares be issued or that existing shares be converted into preference shares with a resolution passed by a majority of the shares represented at the general meeting of shareholders. Where a company has issued preference shares, further preference shares conferring preferential rights over the existing preference shares may be issued only with the consent of both a special meeting of the adversely affected holders of the existing preference shares and of a general meeting of all shareholders, unless otherwise provided in the articles of association.
Shares with preferential voting rights are not regarded as preference shares for these purposes.
Exhibit 2.1
DELAWARE CORPORATE LAW    SWISS CORPORATE LAW
Amendment of governing documents
A Delaware corporation’s governing documents may be amended with the approval of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote, unless the certificate of incorporation provides otherwise.
The articles of association of a Swiss corporation may be amended with a resolution passed by a majority of the shares represented at a general meeting of shareholders, unless otherwise provided in the articles of association.
There are a number of resolutions, such as an amendment of the stated purpose of the corporation, the introduction of a capital range and conditional capital and the introduction of shares with preferential voting rights that require the approval by two-thirds of the votes and a majority of the par value of the shares represented at such general meeting of shareholders. The articles of association may increase these voting thresholds. The articles of association of a Swiss corporation may be amended with a resolution passed by a majority of the shares represented at a general meeting of shareholders, unless otherwise provided in the articles of association.
Inspection of books and records
Shareholders of a Delaware corporation, upon written demand under oath stating the purpose thereof, have the right during the usual hours for business to inspect for any proper purpose and to obtain copies of list(s) of shareholders and other books and records of the corporation and its subsidiaries, if any, to the extent the books and records of such subsidiaries are available to the corporation.
Shareholders of a Swiss corporation holding in the aggregate at least 5% of the nominal share capital or voting rights have the right to inspect books and records, subject to the safeguarding of the company’s business secrets and other interests warranting protection. A shareholder is only entitled to receive information to the extent required to exercise his, her or its rights as a shareholder. The board of directors has to decide on an inspection request within four months after receipt of such request. Denial of the request will need to be justified in writing. If the board of directors denies an inspection request, shareholders may request the order of an inspection by the court within thirty days.
A shareholder’s right to inspect the share register is limited to the right to inspect his, her or its own entry in the share register .
Payment of dividends
The board of directors may approve a dividend without shareholder approval. Subject to any restrictions contained in its certificate of incorporation, the board may declare and pay dividends upon the shares of its capital stock either:
•
out of its surplus; or
•
in case there is no such surplus, out of its net profits for the fiscal year in which the dividend is declared and/or the preceding fiscal year.
Shareholder approval is required to authorize capital stock in excess of that provided in the charter. Directors may issue authorized shares without shareholder approval.
Dividend (including interim dividend) payments are subject to the approval of the general meeting of shareholders. The board of directors may propose to shareholders that a dividend shall be paid but cannot itself authorize the distribution
Payments out of a corporation’s share capital (in other words, the aggregate par value of the corporation’s shares) in the form of dividends are not allowed and may be made only by way of a share capital reduction. Dividends may be paid only from the profits of the previous business year or brought forward from previous or current business years or if the corporation has distributable reserves, each as evidenced by the corporation’s audited stand-alone statutory balance sheet prepared pursuant to Swiss law and after allocations to reserves required by Swiss law and the articles of association have been deducted.
Exhibit 2.1
DELAWARE CORPORATE LAW    SWISS CORPORATE LAW
Creation and issuance of new shares
All creation of shares require the board of directors to adopt a resolution or resolutions, pursuant to authority expressly vested in the board of directors by the provisions of the company’s certificate of incorporation.
All creation of shares require a shareholders’ resolution. The creation of a capital range or conditional share capital requires at least two-thirds of the voting rights represented at the general meeting of shareholders and a majority of the par value of shares represented at such meeting. The board of directors may issue or cancel shares out of the capital range during a period of up to five years by a maximum amount of 50% of the current share capital. Shares are created and issued out of conditional share capital through the exercise of options or of conversion rights that the board of directors may grant to shareholders, creditors of bonds or similar debt instruments, employees, directors of the company or another group company or third parties.