EX-2.1
2
d921943dex21.htm
EX-2.1
EX-2.1
Exhibit 2.1
DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES
REGISTERED UNDER SECTION 12 OF THE EXCHANGE ACT
The following is a description of our outstanding securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act as required pursuant to the
relevant Items under Form
20-F.
As of December 31, 2024, Vinci Partners Investments Ltd. (“we,” “us,” and “our”) had the following series of securities registered pursuant to
Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act:
Title of
each class
Trading
Symbol(s)
Name of each exchange
on which registered
Class A common shares, par value US$0.00005 per share
VINP
The Nasdaq Global Select Market
Vinci Partners Investments Ltd. was incorporated on September 21, 2020, as a Cayman Islands exempted
company with limited liability with the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies. Our corporate purposes are unrestricted and we have the authority to carry out any object not prohibited by any law as provided by Section 7(4) of the Companies Act
(as amended) of the Cayman Islands, or the Companies Act.
Our affairs are governed principally by: (1) our Articles of Association;
(2) the Companies Act; and (3) the common law of the Cayman Islands. As provided in our Articles of Association, subject to Cayman Islands law, we have full capacity to carry on or undertake any business or activity, do any act or enter
into any transaction, and, for such purposes, full rights, powers and privileges. Our registered office is c/o Harneys Fiduciary (Cayman) Limited, P.O. Box 10240, Grand Cayman,
KY1-1002,
Cayman Islands.
CLASS A COMMON SHARES
Item 9.
General
9.A.3 Preemptive rights
See “—Item 10.B Memorandum and articles of association—Preemptive or Similar Rights” below.
9.A.5 Type and class of securities
As of
December 31, 2024, we had a total issued share capital of US$3,202.31 divided into 64,046,355 common shares. Those common shares were divided into 49,580,116 Class A common shares and 14,466,239 Class B common shares. In addition, we
had 100,000 Series A convertible preferred shares of our authorized share capital issued and outstanding. All of our outstanding share capital is fully paid. Our Class A common shares are in book-entry form, registered in the name of each
shareholder or its nominee.
Our total authorized share capital is US$50,000, divided into 1,000,000,000 shares par value US$0.00005 each,
of which: (i) 500,000,000 shares are designated as Class A common shares; (ii) 250,000,000 shares are designated as Class B common shares (which may be converted into Class A common shares in the manner contemplated in our
Articles of Association); and (iii) 249,900,000 shares are as yet undesignated and shall have the rights as our board of directors may determine from time to time in accordance with Article 4 of our Articles of Association; and (iv) 100,000
shares that are designed as Series A convertible preferred shares (having previously constituted shares that were undesignated by class and having been so designated by our board of directors in accordance with Article 4 of our Articles of
Association).
Our Memorandum and Articles of Association authorize two classes of common shares: Class A common shares, which are
entitled to one vote per share and Class B common shares, which are entitled to 10 votes per share and to maintain a proportional ownership and voting interest in the event that additional Class A common shares are issued. Any holder of
Class B common shares may convert his or her shares at any time into Class A common shares on
a share-for-share basis.
The rights of the two classes
of common shares are otherwise identical, except as described in our Memorandum and Articles of Association. See “—Anti-Takeover Provisions in our Articles of Association—Two Classes of Common Shares.”
Item 9.A.6. Limitations or qualifications
Not applicable.
Item 9.A.7. Other
rights
Not applicable.
Item 10.B Memorandum and articles of association
The following information describes our Class A common shares and provisions set forth by our Memorandum and Articles of Association, the
Companies Act and the common law of the Cayman Islands. This description is only a summary. You should read and refer to our Memorandum and Articles of Association included as Exhibit 1.1 hereto.
General
Vinci Partners Investments Ltd.
was incorporated on September 21, 2020, as a Cayman Islands exempted company with limited liability duly registered with the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies. Our corporate purposes are unrestricted and we have the authority to carry out
any object not prohibited by any law as provided by Section 7(4) of the Companies Act.
Our affairs are governed principally by:
(1) Articles of Association; (2) the Companies Act; and (3) the common law of the Cayman Islands. As provided in our Articles of Association, subject to Cayman Islands law, we have full capacity to carry on or undertake any business
or activity, do any act or enter into any transaction, and we have, for such purposes, full rights, powers and privileges. Our registered office is c/o Harneys Fiduciary (Cayman) Limited, P.O. Box 10240, Grand Cayman,
KY1-1002,
Cayman Islands.
Our Articles of Association authorize the issuance of up to 500,000,000
Class A common shares, 250,000,000 Class B common shares (which may be converted into Class A common shares in the manner contemplated in our Articles of Association) and 250,000,000 shares of such class or classes (howsoever
designated) and having the rights as our board of directors may determine from time to time in accordance with Article 4 of our Articles of Association. As of December 31, 2024, we had 49,580,116 Class A common shares and 14,466,239
Class B common shares of our authorized share capital issued and outstanding. In addition, we had 100,000 Series A convertible preferred shares of our authorized share capital issued and outstanding.
Our Class A common shares have been approved for listing on the Nasdaq under the symbol “VINP.”
The following is a summary of the material provisions of our authorized share capital and our Articles of Association.
Share Capital
The Articles of
Association authorize two classes of common shares: Class A common shares, which are entitled to one vote per share and Class B common shares, which are entitled to 10 votes per share and to maintain a proportional ownership interest in
the event that additional Class A common shares are issued. A holder of Class B common shares may convert Class B common shares at any time into Class A common shares on a
share-for-share
basis. The rights of the two classes of common shares are otherwise identical, except as described below. See “—Anti-Takeover Provisions in our Articles of Association—Two
Classes of Common Shares.”
At the date of this annual report to which this exhibit is part of, our total authorized share capital is
US$50,000, divided into 1,000,000,000 shares par value US$0.00005 each, of which:
•
500,000,000 shares are designated as Class A common shares;
•
250,000,000 shares are designated as Class B common shares (which may be converted into Class A common
shares in the manner contemplated in our Articles of Association);
•
249,900,000 shares are as yet undesignated and shall have the rights as our board of directors may determine from
time to time in accordance with Article 4 of our Articles of Association; and
•
100,000 shares that are designed as Series A convertible preferred shares (having previously constituted shares
that were undesignated by class and having been so designated by our board of directors in accordance with Article 4 of our Articles of Association).
As of December 31, 2024, we had a total issued share capital of US$3,202.31, divided into 64,046,355 common shares. Those common shares
were divided into 49,580,116 Class A common shares and 14,466,239 Class B common shares. In addition, we had 100,000 Series A convertible preferred shares of our authorized share capital issued and outstanding.
Treasury Stock
As of December 31,
2024, Vinci Compass had 4,650,617 Class A common shares in treasury.
Issuance of Shares
Except as expressly provided in Vinci Compass’ Articles of Association, Vinci Compass’ board of directors has general and
unconditional authority to allot, grant options over, offer or otherwise deal with or dispose of any unissued shares in the company’s capital without the approval of our shareholders (whether forming part of the original or any increased share
capital), either at a premium or at par, with or without preferred, deferred or other special rights or restrictions, whether in regard to dividend, voting, return of capital or otherwise and to such persons, on such terms and conditions, and at
such times as the directors may decide, but so that no share shall be issued at a discount to par, except in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act. In accordance with its Articles of Association, Vinci Compass shall not issue bearer
shares.
Vinci Compass’ Articles of Association provide that at any time that there are Class A common shares in issue,
additional Class B common shares may only be issued pursuant to (1) a share split, subdivision of shares or similar transaction or where a dividend or other distribution is paid by the issue of shares or rights to acquire shares or
following capitalization of profits; (2) a statutory amalgamation, merger, consolidation, arrangement or other business combination involving the issuance of Class B common shares as full or partial consideration; or (3) an issuance
of Class A common shares, whereby a holder of the Class B common shares is entitled to purchase a number of Class B common shares that would allow such holder to maintain its proportional ownership interests in Vinci Compass
(following an offer by Vinci Compass to each holder of Class B common shares to issue to such holder, upon the same economic terms and at the same price, such number of Class B common shares as would ensure such holder may maintain a
proportional ownership interest in Vinci Compass pursuant to Vinci Compass’ Articles of Association). In light of: (a) the above provisions; (b) the fact that future transfers by holders of Class B common shares will generally
result in those shares converting to Class A common shares, subject to limited exceptions as provided in the Articles of Association; and (c) the
ten-to-one
voting ratio between our Class B common shares and Class A common shares, the holder of our Class B common shares will continue to maintain control of all matters requiring shareholder approval. This concentration of ownership and
voting power will limit or preclude your ability to influence corporate matters for the foreseeable future. For more information see “—Preemptive or Similar Rights.”
Vinci Compass’ Articles of Association also provide that the issuance of
non-voting
common shares
requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the of then-outstanding Class A common shares.
Fiscal Year
Vinci Compass’ fiscal year begins on January 1 of each year and ends on December 31 of the same year.
Voting Rights
The holders of the Class A common shares and Class B common shares have identical rights, except that (1) a holder of
Class B common shares is entitled to 10 votes per share, whereas holders of Class A common shares are entitled to one vote per share; (2) Class B common shares have certain conversion rights; and (3) a holder of Class B
common shares is entitled to maintain a proportional ownership interest in the event that additional Class A common shares are issued. For more information see “—Preemptive or Similar Rights” and “—Conversion.” The
holders of Class A common shares and Class B common shares vote together as a single class on all matters (including the election of directors) submitted to a vote of shareholders, except as provided below and as otherwise required by law.
Vinci Compass’ Articles of Association provide as follows regarding the respective rights of holders of Class A common shares
and Class B common shares:
(1) Class consents from the holders of Class A common shares and Class B common shares, as
applicable, shall be required for any variation to the rights attached to their respective class of shares; however, the Directors may treat the two classes of shares as forming one class if they consider that both such classes would be affected in
the same way by the proposal;
(2) the rights conferred on holders of Class A common shares shall not be deemed to be varied by the
creation or issue of further Class B common shares and vice versa; and
(3) the rights attaching to the Class A common shares and
the Class B common shares shall not be deemed to be varied by the creation or issue of shares with preferred or other rights, including, without limitation, shares with enhanced or weighted voting rights.
As set forth in the Articles of Association, the holders of Class A common shares and Class B common shares, respectively, do not
have the right to vote separately if the number of authorized shares of such class is increased or decreased. Rather, the number of authorized Class A common shares and Class B common shares may be increased or decreased (but not below the
number of shares of such class then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of the issued and outstanding Class A common shares and Class B common shares, voting together in a general meeting.
Holders of our Series A Preferred Shares will not have the right to receive notice of, attend and/or vote at a general meeting of the
Company except those described in the Articles of Association, in the certificate of designations or as otherwise from time to time specifically required by the Companies Act. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our Series A Preferred Shares shall be
entitled to have the right to receive notice of, attend and/or vote at a general meeting, on an
as-converted
basis, with holders of our Class A Common Shares on all matters submitted to a vote of the
holders of Class A Common Shares, except where a separate class vote of the common shareholders is required by the Companies Act. In addition, so long as any Series A Preferred Shares are outstanding, in addition to any other vote or
consent of shareholders required by law or by the Articles of Association, the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least a majority of the issued and outstanding Series A Preferred Shares, voting as a single class, given in person or by
proxy, either in writing without a meeting or by vote at a separate general meeting of the holders of the Series A Preferred Shares called for the purpose, shall be necessary for effecting or validating certain actions set forth in the certificate
of designations, whether or not such approval is required pursuant to the Companies Act, including (1) to amend our organizational documents in a manner that would have an adverse effect on the Series A convertible preferred shares; and
(2) to issue securities that are senior to, or equal in priority with, the Series A convertible preferred shares
Preemptive or Similar Rights
The Class A common shares and Class B common shares are not entitled to preemptive rights upon transfer and are not subject
to conversion (except as described below under “—Conversion”), redemption or sinking fund provisions.
The Class B common shares are entitled to maintain a proportional ownership interest in
the event that additional Class A common shares are issued. As such, except for certain exceptions, if Vinci Compass issues Class A common shares, it must first make an offer to the holders of Class B common shares to issue to such
holder on the same economic terms such number of Class B common shares as would ensure such holder may maintain a proportional ownership interest in Vinci Compass. This right to maintain a proportional ownership interest may be waived by
holders of Class B common shares.
Conversion
The outstanding Class B common shares are convertible at any time as follows: (1) at the option of the holder, a Class B common
share may be converted at any time into one Class A common share or (2) upon the election of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding Class B common shares, all outstanding Class B common shares may be converted into a
like number of Class A common shares. In addition, each Class B common share will convert automatically into one Class A common share upon (1) any transfer, whether or not for value, except for certain transfers described in the
Articles of Association, including transfers to partnerships, corporations and other entities controlled by Mr. Gilberto Sayão da Silva and (2) the death or permanent disability of Mr. Sayão da Silva. Furthermore, each
Class B common share will convert automatically into one Class A common share and no Class B common shares will be issued thereafter if, at any time, the total number of the issued and outstanding Class B common shares is less
than 10% of the total aggregate number of common shares outstanding.
No class of Vinci Compass’ common shares may be subdivided or
combined unless the other class of common shares is concurrently subdivided or combined in the same proportion and in the same manner.
Equal Status
Except as expressly provided in Vinci Compass’ Articles of Association, Class A common shares and Class B common shares
have the same rights and privileges and rank equally, share ratably and are identical in all respects as to all matters. In the event of any merger, consolidation, scheme, arrangement or other business combination requiring the approval of our
shareholders entitled to vote thereon (whether or not Vinci Compass is the surviving entity), the holders of Class A common shares shall have the right to receive, or the right to elect to receive, the same form of consideration as the holders
of Class B common shares, and the holders of Class A common shares shall have the right to receive, or the right to elect to receive, at least the same amount of consideration on a per share basis as the holders of Class B common
shares. In the event of any (1) tender or exchange offer to acquire any Class A common shares or Class B common shares by any third party pursuant to an agreement to which Vinci Compass is a party, or (2) tender or exchange offer
by Vinci Compass to acquire any Class A common shares or Class B common shares, the holders of Class A common shares shall have the right to receive, or the right to elect to receive, the same form of consideration as the holders of
Class B common shares, and the holders of Class A common shares shall have the right to receive, or the right to elect to receive, at least the same amount of consideration on a per share basis as the holders of Class B common shares.
Record Dates
For the purpose of
determining shareholders entitled to notice of, or to vote at, any general meeting of shareholders or any adjournment thereof, or shareholders entitled to receive dividend or other distribution payments, or in order to make a determination of
shareholders for any other purpose, Vinci Compass’ board of directors may set a record date which shall not exceed forty (40) clear days prior to the date where the determination will be made.
General Meetings of Shareholders
As a
condition of admission to a shareholders’ meeting, a shareholder must be duly registered as a shareholder of Vinci Compass at the applicable record date for that meeting and, in order to vote, all calls or installments then payable by such
shareholder to Vinci Compass in respect of the shares that such shareholder holds must have been paid.
Subject to any special rights or
restrictions as to voting then attached to any shares, at any general meeting every shareholder who is present in person or by proxy (or, in the case of a shareholder being a corporation, by its duly authorized representative not being himself or
herself a shareholder entitled to vote) shall have one vote per Class A common share and 10 votes per Class B common share.
As a Cayman Islands exempted company, Vinci Compass is not obliged by the Companies Act to
call annual general meetings; however, the Articles of Association provide that in each year the company will hold an annual general meeting of shareholders, at a time determined by the board of directors. For the annual general meeting of
shareholders, the agenda will include, among other things, the presentation of the annual accounts and the report of the directors. In addition, the agenda for an annual general meeting of shareholders will only include such items as have been
included therein by the board of directors.
Also, Vinci Compass may, but is not required to (unless required by the laws of the Cayman
Islands), hold other extraordinary general meetings during the year. General meetings of shareholders are generally expected to take place in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, but may be held elsewhere if the directors so decide.
The Companies Act provides shareholders a limited right to request a general meeting, and does not provide shareholders with any right to put
any proposal before a general meeting in default of a company’s Articles of Association. However, these rights may be provided in a company’s Articles of Association. Vinci Compass’ Articles of Association provide that upon the
requisition of one or more shareholders representing not less than
one-third
of the voting rights entitled to vote at general meetings, the board will convene an extraordinary general meeting and put the
resolutions so requisitioned to a vote at such meeting. The Articles of Association provide no other right to put any proposals before annual general meetings or extraordinary general meetings.
Subject to regulatory requirements, the annual general meeting and any extraordinary general meetings must be called by not less than ten
(10) clear days’ notice prior to the relevant shareholders meeting and convened by a notice discussed below. Alternatively, upon the prior consent of all holders entitled to receive notice, with regards to the annual general meeting, and
the holders of 95% in par value of the shares entitled to attend and vote at an extraordinary general meeting, that meeting may be convened by a shorter notice and in a manner deemed appropriate by those holders.
Vinci Compass will give notice of each general meeting of shareholders by publication on its website and in any other manner that it may be
required to follow in order to comply with Cayman Islands law, Nasdaq and SEC requirements. The holders of registered shares may be given notice of a shareholders’ meeting by means of letters sent to the addresses of those shareholders as
registered in our shareholders’ register, or, subject to certain statutory requirements, by electronic means.
Holders whose
shares are registered in the name of DTC or its nominee, which we expect will be the case for all holders of Class A common shares, will not be a shareholder or member of the company and must rely on the procedures of DTC regarding notice of
shareholders’ meetings and the exercise of rights of a holder of the Class A common shares.
A quorum for a general meeting
consists of any one or more persons holding or representing by proxy not less than
one-third
of the aggregate voting power of all shares in issue and entitled to vote upon the business to be transacted.
A resolution put to a vote at a general meeting shall be decided on a poll. An ordinary resolution to be passed by the shareholders at a
general meeting requires the affirmative vote of a simple majority of the votes cast by, or on behalf of, the shareholders entitled to vote, present in person or by proxy and voting at the meeting. A special resolution requires the affirmative vote
on a poll of no less than
two-thirds
of the votes cast by the shareholders entitled to vote who are present in person or by proxy at a general meeting. Both ordinary resolutions and special resolutions may
also be passed by a unanimous written resolution signed by all the shareholders of our Company, as permitted by the Companies Act and our Articles of Association.
Pursuant to Vinci Compass’ Articles of Association, general meetings of shareholders are to be chaired by the chairman of our board of
directors or in his absence the vice-chairman of the board of directors. If the chairman or vice-chairman of our board of directors is absent, the directors present at the meeting shall appoint one of them to be chairman of the general meeting. If
neither the chairman nor another director is present at the general meeting within 15 minutes after the time appointed for holding the meeting, the shareholders present in person or by proxy and entitled to vote may elect any one of the shareholders
to be chairman. The order of business at each meeting shall be determined by the chairman of the meeting, and he or she shall have the right and authority to prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures and to do all such acts and things as are
necessary or desirable for the proper conduct of
the meeting, including, without limitation, the establishment of procedures for the maintenance of order and safety, limitations on the time allotted to questions or comments on the affairs of
the Company, restrictions on entry to such meeting after the time prescribed for the commencement thereof, and the opening and closing of the polls.
Liquidation Rights
If Vinci Compass is
voluntarily wound up, the liquidator, after taking into account and giving effect to the rights of preferred and secured creditors and to any agreement between Vinci Compass and any creditors that the claims of such creditors shall be subordinated
or otherwise deferred to the claims of any other creditors and to any contractual rights of
set-off
or netting of claims between Vinci Compass and any person or persons (including without limitation any
bilateral or any multi-lateral
set-off
or netting arrangements between the company and any person or persons) and subject to any agreement between Vinci Compass and any person or persons to waive or limit the
same, shall apply Vinci Compass’ property in satisfaction of its liabilities
pari passu
and subject thereto shall distribute the property amongst the shareholders according to their rights and interests in Vinci Compass.
Changes to Capital
Pursuant to the
Articles of Association, Vinci Compass may from time to time by ordinary resolution:
•
increase its share capital by such sum, to be divided into shares of such amount, as the resolution shall
prescribe;
•
consolidate and divide all or any of its share capital into shares of a larger amount than its existing shares;
•
convert all or any of its
paid-up
shares into stock and reconvert that
stock into paid up shares of any denomination;
•
subdivide its existing shares or any of them into shares of a smaller amount;
provided
that in the
subdivision the proportion between the amount paid and the amount, if any, unpaid on each reduced share shall be the same as it was in the case of the share from which the reduced share is derived; or
•
cancel any shares which, at the date of the passing of the resolution, have not been taken or agreed to be taken
by any person and diminish the amount of its share capital by the amount of the shares so cancelled.
Vinci
Compass’ shareholders may by special resolution, subject to confirmation by the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands on an application by the Company for an order confirming such reduction, reduce its share capital or any capital redemption
reserve in any manner permitted by law.
In addition, subject to the provisions of the Companies Act and our Articles of Association,
Vinci Compass may:
•
issue shares on terms that they are to be redeemed or are liable to be redeemed;
•
purchase its own shares (including any redeemable shares); and
•
make a payment in respect of the redemption or purchase of its own shares in any manner authorized by the
Companies Act, including out of its own capital.
Transfer of Shares
Subject to any applicable restrictions set forth in the Articles of Association, any shareholder of Vinci Compass may transfer all or any of
his or her common shares by an instrument of transfer in the usual or common form or in the form prescribed by the Nasdaq or any other form approved by the Company’s board of directors.
Our Class A common shares are traded on the Nasdaq in book-entry form and may be transferred in accordance with Vinci Compass’
Articles of Association and Nasdaq’s rules and regulations.
However, Vinci Compass’ board of directors may, in its absolute discretion, decline to
register any transfer of any common share which is either not fully paid up to a person of whom it does not approve or is issued under any share incentive scheme for employees which contains a transfer restriction that is still applicable to such
common share. The board of directors may also decline to register any transfer of any common share unless:
•
a fee of such maximum sum as the Nasdaq may determine to be payable or such lesser sum as the board of directors
may from time to time require is paid to Vinci Compass in respect thereof;
•
the instrument of transfer is lodged with Vinci Compass, accompanied by the certificate (if any) for the common
shares to which it relates and such other evidence as our board of directors may reasonably require to show the right of the transferor to make the transfer;
•
the instrument of transfer is in respect of only one class of shares;
•
the instrument of transfer is properly stamped, if required;
•
the common shares transferred are free of any lien in favor of Vinci Compass; and
•
in the case of a transfer to joint holders, the transfer is not to more than four joint holders.
If the directors refuse to register a transfer, they are required, within two months after the date on which the
instrument of transfer was lodged, to send to the transferee notice of such refusal.
Share Repurchase
The Companies Act and the Articles of Association permit Vinci Compass to purchase its own shares, subject to certain restrictions. The board
of directors may only exercise this power on behalf of Vinci Compass, subject to the Companies Act, the Articles of Association and to any applicable requirements imposed from time to time by the SEC, the Nasdaq, or by any recognized stock exchange
on which our securities are listed.
Dividends and Capitalization of Profits
We intend to pay quarterly cash dividends on our common shares initially at an amount equal to at least 70% of our Distributable Earnings, or
100% of profit of the period, the lower of the two. We can repurchase shares to reach the 70% of Distributable Earnings distribution if 100% of profit of the period are not enough to support a full cash distribution. Subject to the Companies Act,
our board of directors may, from time to time, declare dividends (including interim dividends) to be paid to shareholders but no dividend shall be declared in excess of the amount recommended by the board of directors. Dividends may be declared and
paid out of funds lawfully available to Vinci Compass. We do not have a legal obligation to pay a quarterly dividend or dividends at any specified rate or at all. Any declaration of dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors and
will depend on our financial condition, earnings, cash needs, regulatory constraints, capital requirements (including requirements of our subsidiaries and the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends to us) and any other factors that our board
of directors deems relevant in making such a determination. Therefore, there can be no assurance that we will pay any dividends to holders of our common shares, or as to the amount of any such dividends. Except as otherwise provided by the rights
attached to shares and the Articles of Association of Vinci Compass, all dividends shall be paid in proportion to the number of Class A common shares or Class B common shares a shareholder holds at the date the dividend is declared (or
such other date as may be set as a record date); but, (1) if any share is issued on terms providing that it shall rank for dividend as from a particular date, that share shall rank for dividend accordingly; and (2) where we have shares in
issue which are not fully paid up (as to par value), we may pay dividends in proportion to the amounts paid up on each share.
The holders
of Class A common shares and Class B common shares shall be entitled to share equally in any dividends that may be declared in respect of Vinci Compass’ common shares from time to time. In the event that a dividend is paid in the form
of Class A common shares or Class B common shares, or rights to acquire Class A common shares or Class B common shares, (1) the holders of Class A common shares shall receive Class A common shares, or rights to
acquire Class A common shares, as the case may be and (2) the holders of Class B common shares shall receive Class B common shares, or rights to acquire Class B common shares, as the case may be.
Series A convertible preferred shares rank senior to our common shares with respect to
dividend rights and rights on the distribution of assets on any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Company. The holders of Series A convertible preferred shares are entitled to a cumulative dividend
at the rate of 8.0% per annum, payable quarterly in arrears. Dividends are payable in kind through the issuance of additional Series A convertible preferred shares, in cash, or in any combination of both, at our discretion. In the year ended
December 31, 2024, holders of the Series A convertible preferred shares received dividends in the amount of US$7.4 million, or R$39.0 million. The holders of the Series A convertible preferred shares are also entitled to participate
in dividends declared or paid on our common stock on an
as-converted
basis.
Appointment, Disqualification and
Removal of Directors
Vinci Compass is managed by its board of directors. The Articles of Association provide that, unless otherwise
determined by a special resolution of shareholders, the board of directors will be composed of four to eleven directors, with the number being determined by a majority of the directors then in office. There are no provisions relating to retirement
of directors upon reaching any age limit. The Articles of Association also provide that, while Vinci Compass’ shares are admitted to trading on the Nasdaq, the board of directors must always comply with the residency and citizenship
requirements of the U.S. securities laws applicable to foreign private issuers.
The Articles of Association provide that directors shall
be elected by an ordinary resolution of our shareholders, which requires the affirmative vote of a simple majority of the votes cast on the resolution by the shareholders entitled to vote who are present, in person or by proxy, at the meeting. Each
director shall be appointed and elected for such term as the resolution appointing him or her may determine or until his or her death, resignation or removal.
Any vacancies on the board of directors that arise other than upon the removal of a director by resolution passed at a general meeting can be
filled by the remaining directors (notwithstanding that they may constitute less than a quorum). Any such appointment shall be as an interim director to fill such vacancy until the next annual general meeting of shareholders.
Additions to the existing board (within the limits set pursuant to the Articles of Association) may be made by ordinary resolution of the
shareholders.
Grounds for Removing a Director
A director may be removed with or without cause by ordinary resolution. The notice of general meeting must contain a statement of the intention
to remove the director and must be served on the director not less than ten calendar days before the meeting. The director is entitled to attend the meeting and be heard on the motion for his removal.
The office of a director will be vacated automatically if he or she (1) becomes prohibited by law from being a director; (2) becomes
bankrupt or makes an arrangement or composition with his creditors; (3) dies or is in the opinion of all his
co-directors,
incapable by reason of mental disorder of discharging his duties as director;
(4) resigns his office by notice to us; or (5) has for more than six months been absent without permission of the directors from meetings of the board of directors held during that period, and the remaining directors resolve that his or
her office be vacated.
Proceedings of the Board of Directors
The Articles of Association provide that Vinci Compass’ business is to be managed and conducted by the board of directors. The quorum
necessary for the board meeting shall be a simple majority of the directors then in office (subject to there being a minimum of two directors present) and business at any meeting shall be decided by a majority of votes. In the case of an equality of
votes, the chairman shall have a casting vote.
Subject to the provisions of the Articles of Association, the board of directors may
regulate its proceedings as they determine is appropriate. Board meetings shall be held at least once every calendar quarter and shall take place either in São Paulo, Brazil or at such other place as the directors may determine.
Subject to the provisions of the Articles of Association, any directions given by ordinary resolution of the shareholders and the listing
rules of the Nasdaq, the board of directors may from time to time at its discretion exercise all powers of Vinci Compass, including, subject to the Companies Act, the power to issue debentures, bonds and other securities of the company, whether
outright or as collateral security for any debt, liability or obligation of our company or of any third party.
Inspection of Books and Records
Holders of Vinci Compass shares will have no general right under Cayman Islands law to inspect or obtain copies of the list of
shareholders or corporate records of the Company. However, the board of directors may determine from time to time whether and to what extent Vinci Compass’ accounting records and books shall be open to inspection by shareholders who are not
members of the board of directors. Notwithstanding the above, the Articles of Association provide shareholders with the right to receive annual financial statements. Such right to receive annual financial statements may be satisfied by publishing
the same on the company’s website or filing such annual reports as we are required to file with the SEC.
Register of Shareholders
Our Class A common shares are held through DTC, and DTC or Cede & Co., as nominee for DTC, are recorded in the shareholders’
register as the holder of our Class A common shares.
Under Cayman Islands law, Vinci Compass must keep a register of shareholders
that includes:
•
the names and addresses of the shareholders, a statement of the shares held by each member, and of the amount
paid or agreed to be considered as paid, on the shares of each member;
•
the date on which the name of any person was entered on the register as a member; and
•
the date on which any person ceased to be a member.
Under Cayman Islands law, the register of shareholders of Vinci Compass is prima facie evidence of the matters set out therein (i.e., the
register of shareholders will raise a presumption of fact on the matters referred to above unless rebutted) and a shareholder registered in the register of shareholders is deemed as a matter of Cayman Islands law to have
prima facie
legal
title to the shares as set against his or her name in the register of shareholders.
If the name of any person is incorrectly entered in
or omitted from the register of shareholders, or if there is any default or unnecessary delay in entering on the register the fact of any person having ceased to be a shareholder of Vinci Compass, the person or member aggrieved (or any shareholder
of Vinci Compass, or Vinci Compass itself) may apply to the Cayman Islands Grand Court for an order that the register be rectified, and the Court may either refuse such application or it may, if satisfied of the justice of the case, make an order
for the rectification of the register.
Exempted Company
Vinci Compass is an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Act. The Companies Act distinguishes between ordinary resident
companies and exempted companies. Any company that is registered in the Cayman Islands but conducts business mainly outside of the Cayman Islands may apply to be registered as an exempted company. The requirements for an exempted company are
essentially the same as for an ordinary company except for the exemptions and privileges listed below:
•
an exempted company does not have to file an annual return of its shareholders with the Registrar of Companies;
•
an exempted company’s register of shareholders is not open to inspection;
•
an exempted company does not have to hold an annual general meeting;
•
an exempted company may obtain an undertaking against the imposition of any future taxation (such undertakings
are usually given for 20 years in the first instance);
•
an exempted company may register by way of continuation in another jurisdiction and be deregistered in the Cayman
Islands;
•
an exempted company may register as a limited duration company; and
•
an exempted company may register as a segregated portfolio company.
“Limited liability” means that the liability of each shareholder is limited to the amount unpaid by the shareholder on the shares of
the company (except in exceptional circumstances, such as involving fraud, the establishment of an agency relationship or an illegal or improper purpose or other circumstances in which a court may be prepared to pierce or lift the corporate veil).
We are subject to reporting and other informational requirements of the Exchange Act, as applicable to foreign private issuers. Except as
otherwise disclosed in the annual report to which this exhibit is part of, we currently comply and intend to continue to comply with the Nasdaq rules in lieu of following home country practice.
Anti-Takeover Provisions in our Articles of Association
Some provisions of the Articles of Association may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of Vinci Compass or management that
shareholders may consider favorable. In particular, the capital structure of Vinci Compass concentrates ownership of voting rights in the hands of Mr. Sayão da Silva. These provisions, which are summarized below, are expected to
discourage coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids. These provisions are also designed to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of Vinci Compass to first negotiate with the board of directors. However, these provisions could
also have the effect of discouraging others from attempting hostile takeovers and, as a consequence, they may also inhibit temporary fluctuations in the market price of the Class A common shares that often result from actual or rumored hostile
takeover attempts. These provisions may also have the effect of preventing changes in the management of Vinci Compass. It is possible that these provisions could make it more difficult to accomplish transactions that shareholders may otherwise deem
to be in their best interests.
Two Classes of Common Shares
The Class B common shares of Vinci Compass are entitled to 10 votes per share, while the Class A common shares are entitled to one
vote per share. Since Mr. Sayão da Silva owns of all of the Class B common shares, Mr. Sayão da Silva currently has the ability to elect a majority of the directors and to determine the outcome of most matters submitted
for a vote of shareholders. This concentrated voting control could discourage others from initiating any potential merger, takeover, or other change of control transaction that other shareholders may view as beneficial.
So long as Mr. Sayão da Silva has the ability to determine the outcome of most matters submitted to a vote of shareholders as well
as the overall management and direction of Vinci Compass, third parties may be deterred in their willingness to make an unsolicited merger, takeover, or other change of control proposal, or to engage in a proxy contest for the election of directors.
As a result, the fact that Vinci Compass has two classes of common shares may have the effect of depriving you as a holder of Class A common shares of an opportunity to sell your Class A common shares at a premium over prevailing market
prices and make it more difficult to replace the directors and management of Vinci Compass.
Preferred Shares
Vinci Compass’ board of directors is given wide powers to issue one or more classes or series of shares with preferred rights. Such
preferences may include, for example, dividend rights, conversion rights, redemption privileges, enhanced voting powers and liquidation preferences.
Despite the anti-takeover provisions described above, under Cayman Islands law, Vinci
Compass board of directors may only exercise the rights and powers granted to them under the Articles of Association, for what they believe in good faith to be in the best interests of the Company.
For further information on our outstanding Series A convertible preferred shares, see “Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and
Prospects—B. Liquidity and Capital Resources—Series A Convertible Preferred Shares” and note 14(i) to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report.
Protection of
Non-Controlling
Shareholders
The Grand Court of the Cayman Islands may, on the application of shareholders holding not less than one fifth of the shares of Vinci Compass in
issue, appoint an inspector to examine the Company’s affairs and report thereon in a manner as the Grand Court shall direct.
Subject
to the provisions of the Companies Act, any shareholder may petition the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands which may make a winding up order, if the court is of the opinion that this winding up is just and equitable.
Notwithstanding the U.S. securities laws and regulations that are applicable to Vinci Compass, general corporate claims against Vinci Compass
by its shareholders must, as a general rule, be based on the general laws of contract or tort applicable in the Cayman Islands or their individual rights as shareholders as established by Vinci Compass’ Articles of Association.
The Cayman Islands courts ordinarily would be expected to follow English case law precedents, which permit a minority shareholder to commence
a representative action against Vinci Compass, or derivative actions in Vinci Compass’ name, to challenge (1) an act which is ultra vires or illegal; (2) an act which constitutes a fraud against the minority and the wrongdoers
themselves control Vinci Compass; and (3) an irregularity in the passing of a resolution that requires a qualified (or special) majority.
Registration Rights and Restricted Shares
On October 29, 2024, in connection with closing of our business combination with Compass, we and the Compass founders, Manuel José
Balbontín and Jaime de la Barra, entered into a registration rights agreement, or the RRA. See “Item 7. Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions—B. Related Party Transactions—Registration Rights Agreement.” In
addition, certain other shareholders of Vinci Compass will, subject to the Liquidity Restrictions described in “Item 7. Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions—A. Major Shareholders—Existing Shareholders’
Agreements,” be able to sell their shares in the public market from time to time without registering them, subject to certain limitations on the timing, amount and method of those sales imposed by regulations promulgated by the SEC.